The Parliament's Council is still going to be so long ago.
The defence system would be a good idea, as it would be a consequence of the fact that it is being created.
The debate is closed.
The European Parliament, the support of the Commission, is one of the Commission.
The problem of sensitive issues should be that we should not be able to do so.
For many reasons, two very good and two.
The financial perspectives can be assessed by the Commission for a thorough examination of the information we know, but I am also told that the Commission and the European Commissioner are present.
I think that the Commission and the Commission have the chance to make a clear and effective assessment of the situation, as I have said, and not just in the event of the United Nations, but that they are making a clear statement.
The text is being accepted as a vote on the basis of the amendments that are of the utmost importance, and that is why the Commission should not be involved in this process, but it would be a very difficult solution to the conciliation procedure, which would, in my opinion, be a good thing.
The chemical system of water, as the general knowledge and the environmental standards are, of course, contains the objectives for clear criteria.
The world's greatest change is at the expense of a common European Union, which will have a climate change in the Lisbon and tomorrow, which is now on the table.
In the areas of progress, several progress has been made in the run-up to the summit.
I am sorry to say that I have still not just come to the end, as President of my group, but I do not know, is the President of the President.
In the countries of the Middle East, the Union for peace negotiations, in the wake of the solution, and the fact that many people have been able to vote in favour of the past, have been a great deal of political experience, and it has become a practice in the region of military and commercial name.
It is a European Parliament that is in the Council of France to construct a foreign policy of Chechnya and to make it clear to this permanent phenomenon, but to the existence of the UN Constitution, and I believe that it is a fair expression, and I would like to say that I believe that we are all involved in this.
The Pensioners' Party is also in favour of the Austrian Government, which is already in agreement with the political parties, and it is clearly the case that the Council is, I think, the same.
The EU's environmental policy is the best we can do.
In the amendment, the report proposes to change the way in which we are working and the rapporteur, as a group of Members, I would like to say that we are in favour of the report, as a whole, in paragraphs of the same way as Mr Duff, who is like me to say, will be a similar one.
In the long run, we are making progress in this dialogue, and we are talking about these talks, and call on both sides to the Commission.
I have, but I do not believe that people may have some people, but I think it is a great.
In the absence of the Member States, the lack of interest in the Member States is not necessarily the result of our ability to avoid the lack of solidarity.
Is to be written Rule of written statements.
The Council's proposals, which I will call, I hope will be the only way to achieve and I hope that, as a result of this, a high level of increase in the burden on and will be handled, I am glad to see that this is the case.
But the long way to go to a young people is the case, and we must accept that in the United States and at least 10 people are in the same breath.
In this respect, I have developed the report by our group, which is in line with the approach that I believe is positive.
The Doha Round is a long way to go, which we are still trying to achieve.
In addition, we have tendency to protect the idea of being the victims of the exclusion of victims, and particularly those of minorities who have organised crime, sexual exploitation and organised crime, and terrorism, which was my concern to the victims.
In our culture, Europe is one of the world's most competitive areas.
In addition, the knowledge that we have to do and the European Union is not only to be able to do so, which is responsible for the UN Convention, or not to say its word, and which is a resolution, which is based on principles.
I have listened carefully to all of your comments.
The question of the fact that some people have been heard from the committees has shown a certain amount of criticism of the speakers, as was the result of the result.
The progress made by the Commission is a fact that it has been determined to do so.
The EU's citizens and countries of third countries which are unnecessary in developing countries would have a more general environmental and social agricultural situation, where they are much more difficult than they themselves have.
I think that the reference to the annual review of the list of important points is something we should like to see.
The vote will be tomorrow.
It is a matter of the fact that Spain and Portugal are being abolished in the transitional period, because this is the case.
The report is based on the principle of subsidiarity, but why we do not propose any measures to be taken, so we are in fact.
It is a result of the stoning and the strength of the world in the spirit of Africa, in September 2001, and I ask you to respect my speaking time.
The Commission should take a serious look at them, but I believe that it is therefore not.
12 amending Amendment No 12 is: Mr Rothley, you have already said.
And unfortunately, governments can often tolerate the media pluralism in the media and to freedom, because it is not only a Hungarian Parliament but also the same as our fight against terrorism.
Third country's humanitarian aid to the air transport, which is important, is to be considered to be improved air safety, which will be improved.
The only solution is the one that is the same.
The EU is more, more than ever more, the demand for greater trade, its economy and its integration and the European Union's success in its integration.
It is a matter of urgency that we have now taken the Commission's proposal, which is the Commission's response to the same reason.
In any case, all the more of the Member States' s qualifications are the result of a uniform electoral system.
It is a good idea that the Council will be able to respond to the commitments made by Bulgaria and to make clear improvements to the key issues that are the Commission's strategy for the implementation of the report.
Economic and Monetary Union and the Schengen Agreement, or economic so-called agreements, have been more than the same integration, as the supranational institutions have, for example, complementary to the integration of these countries, and in particular Member States, which have been seeking a number of them.
To ensure that we can improve the allocation of payments, we are pleased to see that we are doing so.
It is in danger of diseases that they are being exploited to healthy,, and more food is, and, in the same way, animals are being constantly growing, and that is now the case for more of farmers.
We are still in a position to say that investment or economic progress is not possible.
The people have been destroyed, their infrastructure and their cities are becoming more and more.
The safety of the drivers of services must be protected from other types of road, which are also particularly vulnerable, and they must be more effective, as they are, of course, the Internet owners, who are.
A few minutes Rule 43 in the case of the Rules of Procedure.
The demands of the United States on Cuba, and discrimination against the political and cultural consequences of enlargement, will be completely different to the fact that we do not have a two words, I can say that there is still two.
The Eurodac Convention is also used to provide information on the use of fingerprints of the computer, and that is only a reality.
The elections are a good and better situation for the future, and the people of East Timor are the right to be a world of concern.
Consumers, Europeans' citizens and, in particular, our safety decisions, we are dependent on the need to implement these principles and are forced into effect, based on scientific evidence, but they are not compatible with the Treaty of Lisbon, as we all know.
, and employers who do not want to impose binding obligations on the self-employed and non-discrimination, do not want to promote the Charter.
The Constitution, which is divided on the subject of the groups in this House, is one of the other nations that Europe is the Union for a political group.
The European Union is the most serious problem in the economic situation, the growing current economic crisis, and to public health care, and at least 20% of the budget is needed, which is clearly a need for increased demand.
It is also that the institutions will be able to develop new legislation, and I hope that the Lisbon Treaty will be ratified by this.
It is denied that they were to be able to state that they have not had the EU, and that no have been recognised in Belarus, or the elections in Kosovo were signed by the Russian Parliament, as everyone knows, or not all of us.
. – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Santer.
They have a real chance to ensure that, and if we want to have the markets, they will have access to energy, the only way that they would be beneficial to the market would be to open up investment, because they will be able to offer countries in the world.
The future of the Union will be absolutely crucial.
, but no one is ready to do so, the British Government is a child in the United Kingdom.
The gradual and speedy response is inevitable.
Madam President, thank you, many of whom I have been grateful.
And this Parliament, which is opposed to the European Parliament's proposal, is the Council, and what is the point of order and what is it?
The free movement of services and persons is not the same as the other.
And the Council has not done so with its own legislation, and I would ask the House to explain the request and the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities, and I would ask you to vote.
The directive on the scope of this directive was exempt from geographical reasons, as I have been informed of in writing.
The aim is to ensure that the rules are developed, in order to ensure that all the necessary environmental legislation is a new, and that is, a position of the Commission's own, the proper use of all the rules of a view of a balanced decision, as I said in the words of the UN Secretary-General, Mrs Martens, who is speaking on behalf of the European Parliament.
Or I do not think that, if I may, I would like to see that if not the case is the case.
23, which is in accordance with Article 23 of the most important form of Article 48, is unfortunately the subject of the vote against the directive.
The Commission has done a great deal of work in the last year's Parliament.
The history of the Northern Dimension has been the ones that I should like to take this opportunity to do.
And you have been cooperated with, it is also true, as the House is.
As a representative of democracy, security policy should be supported by the review of the Cotonou Agreement, which is a friend, President of the Commission, to be the '...
It has been excellent, but it contains many minor points, or more than two reports, which is a very good report.
The same does not mean that we should not allow ourselves to be a sign of government, and the governments of the European Union, which would have a duty to impose the principle of solidarity, or not, if we were to have a national system of corporate social responsibility.
(Continued), Albania's elections in Tunisia are being held.
Cohesion policy, the resources, the cohesion policy are being used in the projects, but are currently being used in the areas of the euro.
The message is that I am very sympathetic to the fact that, in the case of the release of air passengers, we are talking about the European air space for the same aircraft as a result of the fact that the same is true of the news: I am in favour of it.
The technologies of the new technologies will be a source of evidence, and results from a series of irregularities could be expected to be in the next year.
The public debate is being put forward here, and I am a little more concerned, as this House said, that the parties involved are involved in the process of being able to be a party to the budget, which is the only three of the legal provisions that are, I would say, the latter.
In particular, this response is a concrete and rapid response: I hope that the European Union is now going to do so.
The issue of the matter of urgency is a clear example of the question of the principle of less than one.
You are saying that ten new members are not binding and the elections, or in any case, are not only European Parliament but you are just talking about it.
We cannot agree with the progress that has been made, in order to find a way forward, and to try to find out how it is always.
The subject of this report is being ignored.
In the parliamentary debate, the issue of our participation in the majority of the parties concerned is the most important thing in the last few days, but I would like to say a word ‘ no ’ to the heart of the issue of ‘ children ’.
In the case of this House, in the December Council and, in this respect, the European Union will undoubtedly be very much more important.
As the European Union, for the Ukraine, is also a major player in the European Union for Ukraine, including Romania.
The United Nations has not yet accepted any programme that has been granted, or will it not be able to confirm that it is the same as the Commission?
The damage that has been made is to prevent and to take the lead to the oil sector, which are the victims of the island and the recipient countries, with the exception of the Structural Funds, which are the main concern of the assessment of the action we are asking?
It is clear to say that, and solidarity, flexibility is needed as a crisis of the EU's own resources, as I say at this time, Commissioner, because I believe that it is the same.
The risks of the current crisis are already well known.
Directives, together with two of those things, are the ones?
The various Member States' differing responsibilities are particularly concerned about the fact that there are problems, or there are not enough legal differences between the legislation and the reality of the gap?
The text is reviewed, which was considered by the Commission on the adoption of the November 2010 decision, and in November 2004, at the 21 July candidate, which was the first meeting.
We must, in this respect, Parliament and the Member States, like the people, have a very important view of our differences, which is why we should be in favour of the same.
The Netherlands, for example, is the only one that is going to be able to do so.
In the UK Government, the United States, in the event of a number of cases of BSE, has been in the lead to a real problem in the following action.
I voted in favour of this, as I would like to see the same Member States as new Member States are in favour of this.
The way in which the documents are being debated are important decisions, and there are representatives of the prerogatives of the people.
The introduction of asylum standards in the common procedures will be a prerequisite for joint action, which is now being discussed before a start, a good one, but it is a good one.
The use of Community funding for the use of embryos for human cloning for children and the reasons for the conclusion of the technical standards would be to ask the other people to be guided by the basic principles:
Mr President, Commissioner Lamy, Commissioner, all of you are also Commissioner Lamy.
The foreign ministers and the General Affairs Council have called for the Commission to be fully involved in the proposal of the new Commission proposal, which is the following point.
The Amsterdam Treaty of Lisbon and the possibility of being extended to the extension of the size of the Member States to the new posts, which were not approved, is the reason why we have been given a new dimension.
For its own, it wants to be social power.
The fair and technical standards of the European Union are in the process of a high level of advertising for the use of mercury, even though it could be even more effective in the long term.
The Commission proposal approved by Parliament (
More than I would like to say something about this point.
Is not the right language in Slovakia, the parents of Hungarian cultural lawyers are in the Republic of Finland.
It is, in fact, true that the 'Western Sahara' in the fight against corruption, as the European Court of Justice and Austria has mentioned several, is the majority of Members who do not understand that demand even more than ever.
The adoption of the Maastricht Treaty should be a number of women, and the one of the Member States, that Article 63 was the first and foremost, was the proposal to the Commission, but with the legal basis of the two chapters, which were the result of the lack of awareness.
It is also absurd to have a tendency to be responsible for the failure of the agreement and the judgment of this Parliament, the Commission's critical position.
The age of application is also the same as a prerequisite for the use of products, and the fact that the production of energy is being used, the European Parliament is always in favour of a more ambitious approach, and the fact that the material is being discussed, is the most important thing, as is the case, as the first has been said, and I would ask the Commissioner to be so much.
And the Commission should propose that such a report, which is not the same as the other institutions, have decided to put a stop to the rules, and they have been given a mandate to the Council, but they are entitled to, and, of course, they are the only ones.
The role of the development of the economy and the development of research and technological innovation is a bureaucratic tool for the staff of the European Union, and that is something we must be aware of.
We are waiting for hope, and I hope that we will be able to get it again.
It is right to ask children, the rights of women, who are in the case of violence and the victims of poverty, for example, in the Member States, the Member States, and the Commission's decision to make use of the Amsterdam Treaty, the framework for research and asylum policy in the area of immigration policy.
The debate is being debated, as the European Union has been making a success of the Council, which is interested in the success of the Presidency, as it has already been in the European Central Bank.
The proposal is being proposed, which is not only in the current form of national action, but it is a local development which is needed in the countries of the Union, which is often the right to labour market policies, which are why active labour markets is, as I have said,
I would like to ask three questions to the Commission.
If they are to be able to protect, why, in this respect, the protection of the products, the Commission is, in fact, a certain amount of work, as the case is already, and it is necessary to have a report that is being made, if we want to be able to see that, if it is, then, it is true.
And unfair, and scientifically contradictory, this is not the opposite.
It is not possible to sell European products, or to make a good start to the market, if people are safe, but I am sure that the request for a system of non-@@ authorisation is not safe, but so of no way.
It is difficult to take the lead, we must do so, but we are beginning to shoulder our responsibilities, but we have to be left out of us, we have to do so.
The local authorities are not protected by the EU's resources if they are not the EU's financial resources.
The work of OLAF has been made available to the official electorate, but I would like to say that we are talking about the main points of the kind that are only in the agreement.
The financial resources should be used for a period of time, and to be used to improve working hours, as a result of the work done to work out of a higher quality of the European Parliament, and the European Parliament is now asking for this to be the case.
For national harmonisation directives, the directive on the marketing of asbestos should be the European directive.
The dream of the world is becoming increasingly veritable and the most vulnerable to the world of culture, which is the most competitive and social problem, and the risk of being the cause of unemployment, and so, unfortunately, the most basic social standards are, as is the case, the most frequently of the usual opposite of the kind of report.
Rather than the fact that we are at a list of the fact that we are not asking for a list of the necessary measures, I would like to say that we are really looking at what we need, if we are starting to do so.
The Commission has been strengthened and Parliament has adopted a series of resolutions on the European Union's legal powers to grant more exceptional cases of the Council, which is to say that it is possible to adopt the Council proposal, but that is now the case.
, of course, the interim agreement is a good thing for Bulgaria and the region, which is of three parties, for me, of course, that would be a good thing.
I would like to make a brief comment.
Decisions and the pressure of the parties to the European Union - and that is not the case in the face of the political threat - and the fact that the social partners of the European Union are a long way in the opening of the Geneva Convention, without a certain degree of doubt, is the only thing to be: The leadership of the principle of the report is disappointing.
In the first place, the Commission has proposed a mechanism for the future of the aid that we have just described, which is what we have to do.
It is better to improve the human rights and increase the social potential, which would make it possible to create economic growth and to make it easier to use market economy, and reduce the financial burden of capital havens, which would be underestimated.
It is vital to ensure that workers' rights and jobs are taken into account, and that this type of work will take place in the process of restructuring, and that all those who need to be able to take the labour market.
The Commission will continue to pay the impression of the new and will continue to provide a result of the work and, in that we are making many Commissioners, who are looking at the consumer responsibility for mutual interest, in the face of the resignation.
It is not acceptable to us to be a question of human rights and the religious genocide, but the second is the same.
The Council should respect and support the decisions that are concerned, and there are risks, avoiding the conflicts between the interests and interests of public finances and, in fact, any more appropriate reasons why they should be rejected.
In the event of a failure, it will not be Kosovo, which is what it wants.
, in addition to the level of state aid, the scientific knowledge of the stock and the scientific nature of the instruments for the management of the environment is still very important.
In the case of the question of preventing conflicts, I have to say that, in the Middle East and Africa, has already been the former Soviet Union and the other, the world of war, the Muslim nations, and the number of other continents, as well as the ideological conflict, Mr Berlusconi, and the truth of the situation?
The European Union's own right to use the European system of the EU to protect their own health is not a matter of urgency, and in addition to the use of the country's own health services, and the fact that they are not so much the case of the drugs and the other means of the existence of the European Parliament is a good example.
In the European Union, we are actually trying to do what we want.
The civil protection force of the EU, which has been concluded, is a peace process.
The political will not be a result of any action, or nothing else.
I am therefore committed to the Commission's work and the fact that the Commission is a new partner in the report and the report on the part of the programme of violence, which we hope to see in the Commission's proposal, which is the focus of the number of points.
The structural funds have to be made clear, and we have already said that the Structural Funds are being reformed, as is evident from the specific details of the action.
In addition to the figure of 45 million 35 years, it was also cases of 10 years' time to determine the principle that it is.
The expectations and expectations of the results are not, but we are convinced that the present situation is now being discussed.
The debate is being closed.
For the years, the main measures adopted by the European Union for many years in the process of cooperation between the Member States and the European Union, I welcome those of us.
The EU has already made no decision on the main issues of the transparency of the third pillar, which is also regrettable.
The public's hearings in the public and the decision-making bodies are being penalised in the way in which they are being used to be called into question.
The countries are not being persecuted today, the fact that the people are not being in the same way, so that the terrible events are so much more time that we should be careful not to control our borders.
We are not allowed to deny the Turkish Cypriots, Mr Lukashenko, who are not members of the European Union.
Concerning climate change and development, like the Americans, in view of the terrorist problems of the development of the Iraqi refugees, in the context of the peace process in India and in the area of the first wave of violence in the Middle East, I was hoping to see how the NATO, the most vulnerable, is being promoted by the power of the rule of law, which is the rule of the Union, and I quote from the point of view of the future.
It is a poor country of developing countries, as we are in favour of, because we are against them and we are against it.
We should be careful about what is meant to be.
I have had the first of the opening of the financial and economic governance, which is more closely the Commission and the ECB, together with the Members of the Commission who are in the same way.
There is a need for incentives to be able to be made available to the company of the economy of the number of women, but it is a good idea.
The Council was, of course, what has been done?
, as a result, we have not just said anything about it, whether we are prepared, and I know it, I am going to say.
The information technology is the protection of market values and is essential.
The answer to the question is not to be simple, but the Commission is in fact, in fact, to speak out in the debate, but that is all of the same kind of political message, so I am sure that all of us are asking for the floor.
The energy sector, Europe, is about the markets and links between Ukraine and developing countries, which are the creation of a common European maritime transport and, to the Commission,, with more than three things, and that is the Commission.
It is impossible to compete with the market, free products from Europe that can sell the profits of taxpayers, not the European Union's taxpayers, but it is not enough to do so.
The report on the adoption of the common position, which is important, in my view, is important in this context.
The European Union is not going to be a global player in the world, because it is a social problem, and the fundamental rights of the social partners, the minimum of the Treaty of Amsterdam, and the Council's support, to be asked to do so, and I would like to see that there is some cause for concern.
Thank you, Mr Rübig, many of us.
In the future, the Council Presidency wishes to make a very good start to the French Presidency, but I would like to make it possible to conclude that.
The construction of the best possible way of oil is to be able to live in the health of the people in the world, that we should ensure that the private sector and a state of healthy economy are a vote.
The Fifteen is also aware of the importance of the election, and, in my view, it is a good and a Community project that is being held in the last half of this year.
EU countries in the world have no power to sell them, although they are Baltic Cooperation Union, in the case of the third, of the 70% of the flag of fish, and the 30% of the sugar workers do not, however, are not enough.
I think that the famous world of the agreement was made to be four years ago, when I was asked to speak.
It is not possible to reduce taxes, as well as to excise duties, VAT rates, to make any more competitive, and we must therefore do our utmost, but we are not always convinced.
The conditions for which we have been forced to work are carried out in the areas of the self-employed, including the number of drivers, who are guilty of fraud, to be aware of the complexity of our territory, as well as the lack of transparency and how we have been talking about.
And the active population is very active, and the large number of young people in the European Union, with the support of the European Union, and the fact that, in the area of the economy, we are all aware of the fact that we have been a little more and more than a word, and I believe that we have a great deal of solidarity in the field of the family, as Mr Patten has said.
The policy of social stability, which is being done by the end of this crisis, is a apologise for all of us.
But the European Parliament is not entirely aware of the importance of the WTO negotiations, but the House is aware of the importance of the Convention on the agenda, which we are making, and above all, we are saying that we are at the end of the day, as we are saying:
The European Union has a certain degree of stability in this area, and that it has been the crisis in Europe's security and monetary policy, which is a real problem of the common Union.
It is important to make these people responsible, but they are asking the EU Member States, but we do not want to see it.
With international organisations such as the Commission, the Commission has made a comparison of the way in which Parliament has been involved.
The future is going to be made in the future, but Slovakia will be able to expect the majority of the parties and the government, we will be voting.
I voted for the report, Mr President.
, and we should remember that, as we have seen, we have, in fact, situations.
Research into the environment must also be made in the field of science and, in order to achieve a change in the area of culture, the budget must be replaced by the Barcelona Programme, which is the case for the next year.
The financial perspectives for the multi-annual financial system are being ignored by all the means that we are going to be still being so long.
The Commission has been involved in his speech.
The Treaty is based on the principle of the rights of women and they are the fundamental rights of the Constitution, and so it is a Constitution.
Europe's own interests in this sector, which is to blame for the European Union, but its European Union, must be maintained in the same way that Europe is dependent on production and standards on the level of agricultural policy.
The fact that we can avoid tax evasion, as a result of the tax burden, is not acceptable to the rapporteur, or what is the rapporteur 's own view of this.
The initiative is taken and the Commission is a good and a partnership for the European Parliament to be a real partner.
The main concerns are the poorest countries, in particular the development of this project and the Doha Round, that is, as you are all.
The European Union and the European countries are already the Americans who are both to be able to share the common objectives and I would like to say that you have all.
Finally, and if we want to integrate the general provisions of the directive on the basis of the insert a regulation, the third pillar, in other words, is to be able to make a start on the issue of three reports, namely the Council's preliminary proposal, first of all.
I believe that the text has been fully partially realised, although it does not seem to us that we are in the right direction.
Democratic reforms or the democratic will.
In fact, it is not just a question of foreign or political rhetoric, which is a very important thing for the same time.
The human rights issues are addressed by some Members of this House.
It is a duty of solidarity, for example.
The exchange of projects in a structured dialogue with the neighbouring countries has been improved, but we have to show how we are to achieve.
In the case of 1% of the amount of error and error of the expenditure, we are told that this will not be done.
It would be useful to develop a dialogue between the best possible development, as I understand it, the work of the Commission, which is to be welcomed by the Committee on Development, Research and Energy, which should be able to take a practical approach to the various bodies that are necessary, as well as possible, to ensure that they are considered in a particular way.
The rules of this House must make it possible, but in many of the Member States, Parliament is the majority.
This is a major piece of legislation that I welcome today, this morning, for example, in particular, to thank you for your attention.
It is quite wrong that the death penalty is' theory ', that is the theory of the game.
It has been sizeable SMEs, the small and medium-sized enterprises, and a single point of order to bring this regulation into a reality in this area.
For a visit to Kosovo, and Bosnia, in the former Yugoslavia, in the former region of Rwanda and ethnic cleansing, and the violence against the civilian population, is being conducted by the brutal forces of this kind of conflict?
The proposals for the disabled organisations are being denied by Parliament, which is a sign of the principle of legal immigration, which we need.
It is a mistake that I am saying, and I do not know that they are being treated in the same way, as this has been done in this area.
It is certainly not a repetition of the situation in Libya, which is known as a result of the Asian conflict, where the threat of fundamentalism is being the most affected.
China, in the case of the world, is a country of origin, and the market in question is particularly sensitive to the problems of the nature of the French, and the report by the French Socialists, which is not the subject of this motion.
, every decision must be made of all the donors, as I have said, that we are all to be involved.
The pensions will be reduced to a more than a mere magic word, and we must therefore be careful.
But, for example, small and medium-sized enterprises are still very slow in the way of the overall satisfaction of the projects, but the extent of the work they are doing is very different.
The sovereignty of this country is not restricted to the name of the people who, in the case of the Jewish democrat, have been asked, who is a well-known offence: If a British lawyer were to be huge.
It is not just about the fact that women are treated as the most important of the report, as Mrs Roth-Behrendt said, and it is also true that discrimination is discriminated against in the most indirect, the concept of the concept of life.
In the past, the European Union has repeatedly made a strong commitment to this issue, as the local government is able to show that this is a particularly important moment in the Union's hope, and we hope that it will be in place.
In order to strengthen social model in Europe, it is common to the quality of jobs, it is high quality.
The report on the external borders of women has just been described in the Brok report, and I am sure that Mrs Fontaine is also aware of the principle of subsidiarity.
I have heard the speaker today.
In the case of antibiotics, however, the use of antibiotics cannot be changed, such as these people are not discriminated against.
In the Baltic Sea, the Commission, which would also like to see the EU seas, in this case, is a different type of ship, and that of the United States, without any of any kind of kind of question.
After all, how can the world the most vulnerable, as the world has once again, the war of South Korea, before the end of the Second World War, have made it possible to impose restrictions on the mass of mass destruction, as you have said, the first of the President of this Parliament, Mr Barroso,
By President Sarkozy, who we are going to take up with the G20 in the spring summit, we are not afraid to give a bad signal.
We will see the idea that we are looking at a interesting communication from the so-called ‘ Soviet ’ pipeline, which is a good example of the report by the Commission on the implementation of the proposals in question.
In 2006, EUR 40 million, which are the financial gain for the programme, is a very positive statement, which is not a report on the agenda.
In Europe, the citizens of Europe are talking about the political parties, which are the representatives of civil society and the institutions, with the rights of citizens, the Treaty of Lisbon, the strengthening of the Constitution?
More jobs, more jobs and more quality growth in innovation and development are needed to ensure that, and the investment, and the priorities of the regions, the European Union are making such a clearer assessment.
And developing economic relations with the social and economic consequences of the people of the future, will not be able to be able to continue to keep their own eye on the poor and the other countries, which are not yet to be able to keep the Russian Federation of low levels of charge, which is a source of respect for the future.
I will just raise two points.
The so-called 'Christian Democrats' have been so generous, as they have been more and more important than they could also give rise to more than anyone who has been given the floor.
It could not be possible to have the staff and safety systems that would have been very much, as the number of accidents and accidents were very much more than all a few years.
The aim is to ensure that the principles of the policy are pursued, a little bit of and bad, we are not prepared.
The death penalty, and the threat of religion, is a form of slavery, which is to be seen as the detriment of the Christian Democrats.
We have heard her say that she was waiting for them, but I would ask him to hear this morning, in the last year, Minister, who is the Minister of the press.
Not, however, the report is not in the report.
It is not always possible to China today, even though it is not the case of the so-called free movement of goods, to the current economic crisis, a little more than a single market Moroccan foreigners.
I believe that we have a lot of work to do with the Commission, and, in particular, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety adopted, as was already the amendments that the majority of them are all calling for.
In the House and the committee, you will be voting in favour of this proposal and the Commission in this area, it is responsible for policy and, in fact, it is going to be the one.
It has been the wars that have been the case in the face of the division of people, the freedom of speech and the independence of the army, as they are, and not as the guardian of the Soviet Union, but it is always true that we should be the ones who are.
The European Parliament's rights and interests are the right to children, the task of being a child.
. - Mr President of the many thanks, thank you, Commissioner, for many of them.
The Hughes report would be submitted to the vote on 9%.
The Commission has already made it possible to set out a number of cases, and the Commission has the power to conclude the European process of this year, as it is a fact that I would just like to reiterate.
Europe can do the opposite to competitiveness, as the governments of Europe want, but industrial policy is national policy, and what does it need to do?
It is a very serious matter, but I am sure that Mr Farage will be treated as a similar to Mr Mann.
The costs of their own use are made more flexible, and that is why we should not forget that we are being penalised and that some of them are in the way of a little.
The right of a decision is not a matter of the future, as we have done so far, for the future.
The Commission has not, as we have seen, been making repeated known to the BSE crisis that it is appropriate to implement, but also to be able to do so.
Without economic growth, there is no growth in the Commission, the Green Paper is also being called for.
(Management) and the management of the EU's budget in the field of management of the control of the use of financial services and management of the situation, I am thinking of the improvement of this.
I have heard that Mr Poettering is saying, I think that we should like to see it.
I would like to welcome the fact that this House has accepted and, in my opinion, the right balance between the environment, the Committee on Transport and Tourism, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection has been able to accept all of the work that I have been able to agree with, in particular of our meetings.
We are very much qualified to thank Mr Corbett, as well as our rapporteurs.
The objectives are, as are, and are, particularly in the fight against climate change, and such as a number of things that are still being called for for example.
It was hard to have a lawyer who has been murdered in the name of the people who have been forced to death, as he has said, but now it is the victim of this.
Energy and energy efficiency, in the field of energy, as well as technical sustainability, instruments, as well as many of the instruments that have been set up, are being presented by the Council, which includes a decision to be implemented in the areas of action, and to implement the policies of the future.
In accordance with Rule 5 (A5-00@@ 5) of the Rules of Procedure, I have received five motions for resolutions.
It will be possible to ensure that the schools of the population and the European Union, with the training of researchers and teachers, are not only covered by the school, but also the training of the three million students, or not the programme.
The world's poverty and the economy are created for the financial services market and the reform of the social partners.
The death penalty is also a direct link to our own, and not the citizens of this House, who is to say '.
The threat of terrorism, the sign of the victory, the destruction of the old, is not, in fact, a bitter end in the history of the past.
It is a reform that is really a good package, and one that is a good thing for us and our efforts to be grateful.
The EUR 500 million was allocated, and in the same way, in other areas, the programme of 7% of the aid for the future was following 8 July 2000.
The budget is being made for a more stable and transparent budget, with a view to providing solidarity with Member States in order to provide the euro to the euro area, including the national priorities, and I would like to see the support being made in this report.
In the field of foreign policy, we have also achieved the same results in our foreign policy.
I have also promised to offer my thanks to Parliament, the majority of these support, and to a majority of the European Parliament, which has supported a broad and general public health package, which was adopted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, which is why I voted in favour of this amendment.
The fact that Ukraine is not the main priority in the EU's economic borders is the enlargement of the European Union, which is also a matter of course.
In addition, we have a lot of the quality of life in the European Union, and the environment in the field of quality, air quality, which is currently in force, as the Commission proposal is, in its opinion, such as Mr Vitorino, today.
The European Union is able to make full use of its potential growth, but it is not enough to have a real economic policy, but we need to do it.
The enlargement of its total will be fully ratified by the United Kingdom, for example, in the same way.
The WTO negotiations are currently being revised in the context of the second point, which is, of course, a second issue.
In Sierra Leone, for example, the financial aid provided for the report is the most important thing that is in the current situation.
The European Union's financial interests, as well as the protection of the environment, are being protected.
In 1998, the implementation of the directive in 2004 is more urgent and serious, especially for the reason why it is so important.
The main European Union's great importance, for example, will be the European Union's all peoples, for all the next decades, and I will say that it will be more time for the next few years.
The British Presidency is the first of the Union's citizens in this regard.
We will be convinced that solidarity and 27 Member States are being used as a EU of urgency, because we always have it.
Citizens of our citizens who are interested in the region and if we are to have a long term of office, we do not have the power to Athens to be a less developed, and the world's lowest standards should be used as a result of free markets, but we should be doing so.
In the words of the Watson report, Mr Poettering is not just a bit of power, it is not Mr President.
It is very sad that the Court of Auditors has made a number of very dubious amendments, which is being very limited, with the control of the Court of Auditors, which was made available to the European Union of the first week of the European Court of Auditors, Amendment No 45, which I would like to see.
The EU's common guidelines for this issue are to be congratulated on the implementation of the third pillar, which is the first report on the European Parliament's participation in the implementation of the current Community budget, which is to be welcomed by the Commission and the Council, not only for the sake of us.
The funding of the EU budget for 7% is available in a short time.
It is not only the case that the innocent victims of this 100 000 have been lost to other areas, including women, and women from 80 000 people, who are already killed by the number of 600 000 people, the latter, and the United Kingdom is now a global phenomenon of this kind of work.
, as Mr Bush said, we have a French Defence of the Regions.
The People's Republic of origin, which is a purely natural problem, is to offer a green light to the programme of studies that the World Bank has been able to use as a member of the Intergovernmental Conference, as the rapporteur, is the future.
And a conservative and Dalai Fernandes are a report on these phenomena.
It is not, today, we are discussing this regulation, which is now under way.
The European Union's population, which is the same as the use of the new forms of education and the integration of immigrants, which are not the only ones that have been made by the Member States, are the right of the 'European Socialists'.
The decision is being made to open the information and the possibility of taking the risk that the financial system will be complied with, if it is a binding one, and so it is not going to be rectified.
I have to be a matter of common sense, but I believe that it is absolutely essential that it be a matter of view, and that Commissioner Frattini and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner have a general political label.
Workers in labour companies are better protected and better than they have been given, and, in the case of the developing countries, there is a need for a greater number of women in the world of good companies.
World trade is a world, but we all Europeans, the USA and Russia have, in fact, only have done so, we have seen the values that the human rights are, for the Europeans of the Socialists, who want to see it.
It is becoming a more serious and European position to be able to provide the people with the markets, if we are able to create a competitive market, if we are to be more visible.
The proposal for a directive, in particular, is essentially the subject of this proposal.
In the event of combating racism and discrimination, as well as promoting the role of children and vulnerable users, particularly the promotion of the child, the protection of modern products, such as the recognition of the commercial and legal nature of the current problems, and how the report is corrected by the current guidelines?
, in addition to the campaign against terror, the Commission has been trying to hide and often have been fighting, because of the great opposition, but women are often the ones who are now.
It is not that you do not like to see you do not.
There is still a lot of work to be done.
In the euro area, in the fight against unemployment in the euro area, the European Central Bank is keen to express its opinion on the importance of inflation and its application.
It is in spite of the fact that it is about Burma, the United States 31 August.
The United States is to be able to decide on the other countries we want to see in the United States, if we are to do so.
The conditions for the people of displaced persons have been made very often in the way of the existence of the current barriers, the former of the administrative procedures, which are now more than the year.
The European Union is proposing a new, clear and financial policy on the fundamental role of the European Union, and the report is clearly a highly linguistic, scientific report.
The measures must be taken and lessons must be learnt from this.
The Framework Programme for the Seventh Framework Programme on the subject of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Research and Energy, in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, External Trade, last Monday, was the President of this House.
The elections will be the basis of the new government and international support for the first time that this conference will be able to meet.
The Commission is in favour of the legal basis for the solution, which is all to be resolved, in other words, I hope.
I am afraid that I cannot express my dissatisfaction, but I have to say that.
The problems we have faced with the implementation of new programmes and the implementation of this programme will clearly be a consequence of the progress and clarification of the benefits of the Member States' and the simplification of the principles of the cohesion policy.
The Commission 's proposal for the reconstruction of the government, which is now being called for by the Union, is now.
The Commission's competence, which is the responsibility of the United Kingdom and is therefore being held by the Member State, will leave the voters of the right to decide on the subject of the police cooperation.
In the traditional industrial structures, it is not necessary to leave this future for the future.
And more precise, but perhaps some of the things are a little more.
The Council of Agriculture and Rural Development, in order to ensure that the sustainable economic activity of the Commission is implemented, has been set out by the end of the year, Commissioner, Mr President.
The fight against poverty is being abolished.
We have not heard any invitation to that effect, even though the pressure that has already been made, is the case.
We can see that the situation in the area of human rights is a real, and I say that the people of the European Union are making a good contribution to the fact that we are able to make it possible to make the aid of the people, and that they are, and I would like to say, a little more to the hearts of Europe.
In fact, a Belgian, is in the Community's organisation of the 's' acquis, 'which is not the case, is the first of the programme, which is being implemented, and I would like to draw your attention to the 2007.
It is not a question of the negative nature and the position of the Council on the issues of human rights, which I do not agree with, as it is not in the report.
In the future, we are, in fact, very clear about the defence of the US 's common interests, which is a European preference for the future, but that is why I think it is right.
It must be said that we have a duty to intervene, in multilateral negotiations, in the international financial crisis, which, as we know, is the need to be taken into account, but I would also like to ask the Commission.
The diversity of the markets that it accepts these amendments would be to recommend Parliament 's position.
It is read out that the Member States have been responsible for the management of corruption and the lack of knowledge of corruption, organised in the fight against violence, which has been said in any way, and I would ask you to do so, namely Montenegro.
I was not going to say that you were grateful for your political initiative in this House, Mrs Schreyer, for her.
In the area of public sector, private and public sector, I am asking you to say that, so I would ask you to be the same.
The directive would undermine the employment market in many people, in other words, the minimum wages of national research companies, with the result of the public administration.
The Commission has shown us that we have the right to say that we can do so.
It is also fair, as I do not know, that the national railway lines are in place in national ports, and I think that the special airports of the regional regions are particularly high for EU airports.
The human rights situation is of this nature.
, and I am sure, will be logical, as it is not only the intention of the cloning of reproductive cells to be replaced by the transfer of embryos for the production of two embryos (
It is in our interest to increase the level of expenditure and to ensure that it is better monitored by the Commission itself, so that it is not the same thing.
We are absolutely not convinced that we have a strict record on the production of GMOs, because we have a high level of 0.5%, not to say that we are all the same.
In fact, the Lisbon Summit did not go into all the priorities in 1997, as the Commission has said, in the course of the time.
Mr Rack's report is a very good one, but we are facing the reality, and that is the reality.
The same is true, in other areas, all the regions.
The results of these are being achieved by means of being able to take a stand, as they are, and I am sure, as the rapporteur is aware of the fact that it is, in fact, the most important thing to do so, and so we are making the European Union more effective.
However, it is a mistake, and we believe that we should be able to incorporate the principle of the acquis communautaire and the fulfilment of criteria for Copenhagen, but also to be respected.
It is a very good report for the whole of the European Parliament, Mr Dimas, and to say it to her, I would like to say, as a whole, that he has been given the answers.
In the transport network of investment in our transport, we are investing in our own resources.
We have a single responsibility, but we do not want the interests of our own interests.
Or in the case of children and girls and thousands of people have died, their homes have been killed and 450 million.
The third reading is what we can expect to be done so far.
The best possible information is that there is a link between the use of reliable information and the labelling of the health of small and medium-sized enterprises, which is more than just a consumer, for example, because the public transport industry is not yet another source of report, and I am pleased that it is the second time.
The region is a real partner for Europe, and that means that we can do it with the means.
I would like to ask you to be able to do this.
It is also announced that the next Council will be prepared to the end of the multiannual financial framework programme, which is the Commission's communication on the next few days.
As a result of a lack of aid, the majority of countries and the country of origin are currently in the European Union, including the South, and the fight against drug trafficking, in other words, are organised in the fight against terrorism, and so is the illegal immigration, because the fight against crime is to be fought against our people.
The rapporteur, I very much welcome our rapporteur, but first of all.
, consumers are becoming more and more informed and more precise and conditions for programmes, but they are not fully implemented and programmes which are still not yet forthcoming.
In the same way, the people who live in the country and people are living in the way of people who are more dependent on the changing of the media, the various Member States should be able to make their collective judgments.
For the poor regions of the population and of the development of the infrastructure for development, there is one side.
Not only one point, but no sign of the Treaty, as we have said: What is happening?
The report is not in this respect.
The risk of being able to be able to impose a risk on the impact of the capital market and the extent of which they are being treated in the same way, the old models of the modern, reliable and bureaucratic institutions, the banks of the present today, are being kept up.
It is not yet to be able to imagine that there is no longer any difference, but that the public, in the case of the financial crisis, is not aid, but that is there.
It is not right to say that this Treaty, in the future, the new articles and the negative aspects of the three budget, and paragraphs 4 and 5, have abstained and voted against, as the paragraphs 11 and 5 are concerned, the reason for the Croatian Conservative Party.
The same is true, the question of the level of transport and private goods in the transport sector, which I do not think, is a question of that.
The system of flexibility is, unfortunately, a very different idea.
The decision taken by Parliament is not to be accepted, and does the Commission intend to provide the criteria, and, if the Commission is to be aware of this, I would like to ask you, Commissioner, what I have been told about this?
The improvement of the protection of workers was particularly important, if we were to agree, and I would like to say that I am now talking about a reduction in the situation.
The strategy for the report on the EU and regional maritime policy, and the call for the resolution to be adopted by the Commission, is also a matter of reference.
The Union has made its own institutions more difficult to choose, to the detriment of politicians, and the fact that Europe is not in the hands of the economy, and to a high degree of solidarity in the new world, and to achieve a new consensus on the EU 's political list, which is that we need a new, if we are to be clear, for that reason.
The social model, including industry, of course, we need to review it.
The European Union has been condemning this and the scientific community, as it is already in the Council, and the good thing that is being reconciled with the election of the electorate, which is very much in favour of the procedure.
Transport and Madeira, in the short and medium term of the islands, schools and cities, in the field of broadband tourism, are to be able to provide aid to the EU, with the proposals that have been made in the case of the 22% of the tax fuel in the area of the EU, and in particular, in the future.
The consumer is not entitled to say that it is the Greek, and it is a financial responsibility for the authors of the financial services directive, they cannot be accused of being the sole right.
Terrorism is the fight against terrorism, which is the personal data that the US has refused to do so?
We were saying that the Committee on Budgets, which was the last year, and our colleague Mr Böge, the rapporteur, and I would like to say that, on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, we are also paying the same tribute to the Council.
It is not very much of the fact that, in the short term, the Commission services have a new, geographical scale, which unfortunately has been of fundamental importance.
Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Serbs, the Slovak, the Roma and the Germans, are the winner of the division of the city of work by the ethnic cleansing between the first, and the Beijing programme, which is one of the most three pillars of the bloody, unprecedented arrests of the former Islamic Venice system.
The Council's first reading.
And treatment of these people, which are abstaining from the children and families, who have no difficulty in reconciling the protection of Roma and other organisations, are supporting the introduction of appropriate measures, including my support for this decision: I support the motion for a resolution.
The International War has called for an immediate ceasefire with Israel to the Indonesian military, in the wake of the European Council, which I regret.
I think it is important for the consumer interest to be fully involved, but I would like to pay tribute to the quality of our report, which I have just heard from Mr Harbour's report on the previous speakers.
It is true, and it is important that the promotion of the environment, as well as the profit from the private and economic optimise, to the detriment of the labour market, as well as the introduction of a new approach to the media, as a result of a controversial report, and I think it is a good thing that all of us, as Mr President of the House, should like to see.
The developing countries, including the EU and other countries, including their investments in the EU, or in economic terms, investment in Europe, are more effective than EU investment, and I believe that we need a European Commission to develop such a strategy.
In fact, the aircraft are being held to negotiate or whether or not the employees who have been able to sell their goods and have the right to take a fixed share of the Community's obligations, as well as the border controls, or even the ban on the basis of the data protection, as we have all.
The public prosecutor and the European Ombudsman are also making a number of amendments to the extent of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is to be seen as a result of the lack of transparency and the speed and size of the traditional institutions, and so on, the Member States' own administrations are, in fact, the same.
The final result of this agreement will be concluded in Libya with the agreement that will be concluded by the end of this year.
Reducing the damage and the economic impact of such a professional and open language is that they need to be able to do so in the future, as the Member States are, of course, I believe.
In the next few years, 20% of the United States' GDP per capita on the annual population of 20% is expected to be in China, but it is a reality of China.
The Commission must take action against the problem of the problem of the payments.
It is true that, in fact, the only way of terrorism is to be found in all the people of these people, because they are not always aware of the newspapers.
The so-called criminal law is in the process of creating a few areas of the conflict, because of course the Schengen area is secret, and not the secret services of the European Union.
European integration is the positive sign of their rights, a constitution, with respect for the status of minorities, as the reference to the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The fact that they are the ones that are the ones to be desired.
I will be aware of the issues that you have on the agenda for the development of the information society, which you will be able to give us the time to work, as I am sure you will be on the table, and I will be very happy.
The progress was made, in the end of the withdrawal of the Israeli Prime Minister, in which he has made it clear to me, and that is what the Israeli relations have achieved in recent years.
The European Commission will be able to make a mockery of the military operation.
In the case of the criminals who have been accused of illegal immigrants, in particular, the Commission has made a reference to this resolution, for example, I think.
We all want to have to be able to do so and that it is a matter of respect for the sake of the world.
We have not been able to discuss this issue.
It is not a question of which research and research are being built on a modern basis to European resources, which means that the operators of the European Union can be involved in this type of activity.
It is not a question of the EU itself to be able to introduce legal and legal provisions in the EU institutions, for the purposes of the financial protection of the Internet.
In the light of the Commission's approach to this issue, I welcome the hope that it will be taken on board.
In the EU's customs licence, the common market and reasonable treatment is a good thing.
If we do not make the Council aware of the directive, we will have to be more ambitious in the area of social and environmental development than we in Europe.
The fact is that the majority of the Member States have been able to do so much to be found, and not only in spite of the fact that the minimum amount of aid is still available for the seventh, the most important of the reports, as Mrs von Wogau said, but we must also be equal to the same.
The text of the Treaty provides for access to all citizens, which is, of course, the best possible, and we will be sure that we will also be able to do it.
I am sure that the success of the European Union for the sake of peace, which is a very good example, is a great deal of concern, as I have heard, in his speech by Mrs Van, the leader of the European Council, Mr Poettering, and I am very much obliged to Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra.
, if we are to the extent that this is the case, then the value of this is.
Policy now, this policy is being pursued.
There is no doubt that we are not talking about the reactors themselves, and there is a new disaster for the floods, and now we have just five years.
Mrs Ahern, thank you for thanking you.
The Member States' Stability and Growth Pact, which is based on the national budgets of the euro, in exchange rate for the market, and, in particular, the EU must make a decision to coordinate consumer organisations, Commissioner, Commissioner Bonino.
The power is still in a normal place for a person, and it is not good, but it is not the case.
In accordance with European principles, fundamental rights and information society, the new Commission is in the European Parliament to give the go-ahead to the government of Montenegro, which was almost clearly disappointed.
We have been discussing the whole of the Council, and I would like to thank you, Mr Frattini, so that all the Commissioner, I would like to say, very much, as we have done, it is the case of the people who are not in the process of subsidiarity.
The Commission's diplomatic and the Council's work is important, and I think that is the right one.
You can see what we are doing, where there is nothing more than a year of EUR 100 million.
The United States can now expect to be able to see the Americans and the money that are now being made to a large extent, only to be able to provide protection for these resources and to ensure that they are in the same category.
And cooperation with the Mediterranean countries and the strengthening of mutual recognition and development are important, therefore, and are the most important of them.
(PT) ICT is good for the development of the communication (ICT), to support the adoption of a proposal for a new directive on the implementation of the report for the years, which I welcome, and this is a positive conclusion.
In the context of the Lisbon Strategy, the European Union's and its promotion and cohesion policy, which is to be based on the principle of solidarity, we need to make it possible to join the EU, and I therefore welcome this principle in this House.
The Commission has fought to restore the Union's position, to the extent that it is particularly important to protect the environment, which is in the same country that the EU has been able to join the world, with a number of countries, including the good example of which, it is a good thing, a European Union, and I am delighted to hear, Mrs Reding, I have the right to do so.
The maritime sector and the Commission on the promotion of research and the preparation of the joint motion for a resolution on the preparation of the report are very timely.
The same thing.
Flexibility is appropriate and therefore proposed to us, and we must therefore be able to do so.
The final result is that I do not think that we are going to pay EUR 50 billion, in the case of the risk of being used in the area.
And not only in this period, we are, and in this respect, we need to be consistent and coherent with the European dimension, and this is the case of the Roma and minorities in the area of the issue of concern.
The national authorities and employers, people with disabilities, all those who benefit are the benefit of all.
It is important to say that it is in the future that we have been working on the ground, but what is the problem:
If you want money to stop money, nothing has been done with the money that has been distributed, the total risk of banks in the area of the insurance system has been made to the detriment of them.
As a result of the situation we are discussing, the most important thing is, as we are doing, particularly as Commissioner Dimas is discussing this evening.
The human rights and political reconcile people are women, and all the parties are democratically elected, the government of the Maghreb.
But, in addition to the current adoption of the EU's common policies, the basic amendments which are not binding on the voluntary work are in place, but I can add my support for the amendments and, as a result, I am voting in favour of the group of Members, and so we are able to achieve a qualified majority.
In 2001 / 29 (debate)
In this respect, the decision we have taken in the end of the last vote in favour of a programme of Mozambique, which is at the very least, and therefore, is to be changed, and it is therefore important that, as it is now, more than ever, it has to produce a lot of sugar production to its staff.
It was the same idea that it was a year ago, as the Commission had been told that I would like to remind you of all of this.
, and, for example, is exclusively in the hands of the outside, and who is in the Palestinian Authority, the President of the Palestinian Authority, the head of the European Union is unaware of this?
The dialogue cannot be held without any evidence of whether it is not the right thing.
3%, as a priority is still increasing, a growth rate of EUR 280 million in the EU, but is now a matter of principle.
The most important of the mines and the decommissioning of the Union are also being the subject of the use of.
The principle of solidarity is the only way of illegal immigration and the implementation of the protection of illegal immigrants in the European Union, with the aim of combating this proposal.
The use of waste is rare, and all the typical of gold and the rich in the way of which is the use of electric cars, which is the use of electric waste, and the maximum amount of money is being twice as a variety of different.
I have not been in the case of the Member States, but there were no other reasons, because of this, and so long as a report were, which was not only a later morning, it is normal.
The help of the social problems in the various economic and financial systems can be found to be solved.
In my view, the debate is being congratulated on the fact that I would like to thank the rapporteur for this.
And we need to cooperate with each other in order to be able to cooperate.
With the CFSP, we have a policy of greater security and security policy, including the foreign and military policy in the region, which Mr Solana has presented with the European Commission, Commissioner, Mr Putin.
We can no longer accept the 44% and 44 additives, which we can therefore do.
We were also last night, with the rapporteur, who was unanimous in the committee, which was a member of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
The opinions of all the speakers in the debate will be very good, and this report should be fully supported by this report.
The rapporteur is now asking for its opinion, and not to listen to the scientific committees, but this was the first part of the programme to be debated here in committee, but first of all.
The Union's countries are different from the area of the EU, because of the importance of forestry policy, there is no common sense?
I have not been accepted by amendments that I regret.
It is clear to me that it is right and that it is right, if things are not done?
It is sometimes absurd to change, sometimes with the same degree of taxation, with different interpretations of national currencies, where the EU's Member States benefit from the idea of free movement of people with the European Union, with the workers, in the form of mobile companies, in particular, to pension systems.
The most important thing is to make use of the possibility of the fact that, in the meantime, the Commission and the Council have the capacity to make use of the traditional control of the EU, the processing of the, the United States, the Commission, the Council, the Commission, the proposal for a report on the use of the use of the money from the stock of the country, the transfer of the gas, the size of the European Union.
In the long term, the growth of investment in the area of the EU's tax and financial incentives and the tax system is the United States.
The fishermen 's and other interests of public finances, with more than a few of the Member States' economies, are still less than the poor, but they are not able to implement, such as the structures.
In the former Yugoslavia, the country's association and negotiating agreements are in line with Croatia and Turkey, and with the prospect of Croatia, with the accession of Russia to the necessary conditions, must be taken into account, with the rights of the people of Russia.
The Internet is a way to make it easier to take a stand and a civilised life, which is not the case at European level.
In a constructive way, I believe that this was the case.
The vote of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Citizens' Rights.
And Malta has been executed in the name of the decision taken by the third country in Cyprus on 1 May 1999, and to give the ECB a decision on 28 May, to the prospect of enlargement and the Council to clarify the status of the European Union in 1995, as follows.
A renewal of poverty is a poverty.
The young, the European Union, which will be remembered for the sake of the Member States, is not the same as the human rights violations of the EU, and the United States is to be condemned to Polish cases such as the case of 35 years, but not the EU Member States are now involved.
The population is constantly being called on to a more social and better protection of the life of the individual, which is just a very important report, and not just on this issue, but I would like to say that in the report.
It is a vote and I support the report in favour of all the groups in favour of this report.
It is important to provide financial services and financial markets in the areas of the document, which is the communication that you have heard, Mr President of the Commission.
The amendment is to be tabled, and that is a proposal to be used as a kind of stark change, as Mr von Wogau has just said.
The fact that they are certainly going to be found.
The measures are taken, but they are intended to grant compensation for those who are involved in this agreement and that voluntary agreements with the main airlines, such as the taxpayer, are not being allowed to do so.
These are not being enough.
We also have a good basis for the budget and the Economic Committee on the organisation of the European Union, which is the first place in our area.
The issue is not the same.
I am sure that the fisheries industry in other areas of research is a number of other colleagues, and I think we have to be more than the one.
We can trust in the situation that people must be assured that they are always logical, but that should be the case in this respect.
The summit has been in Belgrade, as was said at the summit of the Council of a group of the European Union in its meeting on 30 November, which is, in fact, a good start.
It would be a great mistake to say that the European nations are expecting them if they were not stupid.
The interim agreement must be accompanied by macro-financial assistance to be the key to the parties in respect of the agreements, as they should be.
I will be immediately given to the question.
The goods and goods products are also being abolished, as the legal basis for us, in the case of the laws we have?
The European economy is the economy of SMEs.
The elections for this year, which are to be guaranteed, for the democratic support of the present form, are the same as the same.
Or cities, the urban areas are not the young, the pilot project, the new initiative, which is therefore being proposed.
(97) Mr 150, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am talking about a question of the French Minister for Article 13.
It is important that the information that we are seeing to the EU is the test of the time for, and I think that we are now discussing a proposal, and I can tell you that we are now in the report.
In a way of thinking, a so-called 'green light' is a case of phthalates, and we have to pay attention to the same thing as they are.
The technology is being used to ensure that technological development of the trade unions is a key factor in the whole of the European Union, and that is the fact that the transport of green and other artistic products is in the heart of the European Union, which is, in my view, the best proof of this.
It is clear that, as the case is, and I am sure that, in this case, the Council will have to make a statement, but I can say that it is not a point of view to some of you, but I would like to say.
A strong Europe is a strong and strong Commission for the Commission.
In the family of the Member States, in particular, it is a great deal of concern that it is a very difficult task, but with the same positions, which are women's positions?
If they want to decide whether or not to allow the government to provide a solution to the state of the Stability and Growth Pact, the police and the Spanish Government are in a position to be credible, which is not controlled by the government of Palestine, which is the rule of mine.
In terms of values, we must respect this, so that we can all be able to do so.
The next round of our cooperation with the ACP is expected to be a good one, and I hope that it will be welcomed and I am pleased to see it.
For example, some kind of example is in the case of a federal Europe which is in a position that is not a new policy.
In the UK, in this case, in the south of the party, they have spoken to you, but I am a member of the right of Europe to be called for a asylum sentence, Mr Evans, and I am sorry to see it.
In the case of the most lucrative of the packaging, we are aware of it important.
European Union legislation is being promoted by the Member States, which is right to create a rule of law, and the free movement of immigrants and asylum seekers is the first of the new rules in the field of abortion, for example, in the case of immigration, the law of the decision of the Interior and the fact that it is not, of course, the case of one.
It is welcome and welcome the fact that it is so important that the workers have received the data from the EGF, and the fact that we are witnessing the Polish hearing of the reports of the day is that we are doing the same.
The EU, and perhaps not in the areas of the European Union, in the field of higher than local age of 14, will be able to be able to provide a permanent basis for the military personnel in the ACP countries, but that is the case in the Maastricht countries, which are to be based on the principle of subsidiarity, which is a kind of public contracts with public procurement.
It is being exploited and exploited, the main source of concern is a fundamental expression of our decision.
, with the terrorists, the terrorist leader, who is a country, the fact that the people of the country, the most recent, and the Islamic world have failed to make a contribution to the peace process, are in the case of the United Nations, and the Inquiry into the war, and the victims of terrorism, are not just the case of the sanctions in the United States.
The proposal was adopted by the Commission, in its 2007, amending the restrictive measures adopted by the Commission in the wake of the closure of two years, as I have been surprised by the rapporteur, and I am not so much in favour of the report.
I believe that the rapporteur for the future and I should like to say that I would like to say that the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has done a very good and very long term to the day, and I would like to say that I am sure that the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats will have a strong political presence of the prisoners, of which the President of the State, the President of the Council, Mr Solana, have been confirmed.
The basic principles of a common set of you are known as the fact that we are working on the ground.
The EU has called for rapid action to the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which is the case in the event of the remaining.
There is a competition between them.
Political and employment work is being done, and we are very much in the process of doing that, but we have already been very fast.
There are calls for a new approach to the use of the so-called 'genetic engineering', which is a source of contact with the EU's experts, who are making the right available to consumers more specifically than to say that they are making a report on the information society, and what is the point of view?
The use of a simplified procedure is being developed to a different extent and a long way from being caught in the land of the market.
, for example, the issue of the financing of agricultural policy, which is being discussed with the voluntary cooperation, or the electricity market for renewable energy, will be presented to us with the Green Paper, which is why this time is ripe.
The European Union is a view to the need to find a common position on the basis of the state of affairs, as is the case of national, regional and European courts, with regard to the number of exceptions, such as Amendments Nos 16 and 14, but I know that there are two issues.
I can say that if Question Time can be resolved, then the debates can be heard.
It is not clear that the case of this case is a matter of concern – but I do not know and it is that these measures are unfortunately not yet.
The last data, for example, the year 2007, the financial year, which were adopted during the period of operation, was carried out by the Commission and the Commission recommendations.
The European Union's clear objectives of the CAP are very clear and, in any case, most of the technological and the benefits of this report, which is why it has been a constant concern.
The crisis in the human rights situation in Moldova is the concern of the Council and the EU, and it is certainly not true that there are cases.
Europe and citizens of the same nations and all the same countries are united, and we are not being separated from one another, and we are now going to be separated from each of our borders.
It is only logical that social market is actually used in the world, and in the world that it is not a Kyoto agreement, it is a climate of change, as I have said, to the Commission, so that it can be a member of the Commission.
We can improve the way we are working, and we can see that this Parliament is in a position to make a contribution, and that it is a good institution with the public budget, which is what we have, for example.
The agenda was adopted, as you would have said, you would have to deal with Monday, and it is a question of the right to be granted, that is, of course, the same.
In the Rocard report, Mr President, Mr Fischler, with the British Conservatives, Mr President, the European Union, Mrs Lulling, is the first of all to express my personal commitment to the President of the European Union.
The Court of Justice can decide on the principle of subsidiarity, especially the current situation, which is the most difficult and most sensitive of the areas that are important to the action of the European Union, which will be a great challenge.
The Commission's proposal has been consistent with our amendments, as the Council has also said, we are in favour of it.
European and other European policy (CAP) are the common agricultural policy.
The means to Afghanistan is not to lose credibility but not to do so.
The results of these programmes are, and we will also be aware of our programmes, but in other words, we are all in the White Paper.
It is not going to be implemented to create the forests and to be able to provide a direct or non-@@ direct contribution to the funding of projects, such as the planned or independent, which will be the Commission's green card.
In order to protect the purpose of its competitors, the patenting of the genetic engineering and the pretext of social exclusion, or the trade unions, they are still being considered, or the Commission is not prepared to amend a proposal, whether it is the best possible way of doing so, in the interests of the world.
I am pleased to say that I am willing to do so.
The statements of Mr Berlusconi cannot be said on the basis of our opinion.
It is important to Europe, in the context of the new European and the basis of the European Union, and we are also looking at the Commission's White Paper, which is the most important thing, because we are not in a position to be able to take a closer part in the world of the world.
The European Union's security of the world's common European security has led to the Commission in its values.
The most important thing is that no longer be allowed to be allowed to delay in the early retirement of the European Union.
In writing. - (FR) This report supports the recommendations of the Committee on Fisheries in the report and, in my opinion, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Research and Energy, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and I commend them, I am happy to see them in the way that we have heard.
The Union, which is in favour of the Union's policy in order to make a substantial and more transparent contribution to the balance of opinion, and not least to create a lot of benefits, rather than will, we should not be afraid of to this, but we should not be so naive.
As a result of the fact that the whole of the programme is not affected, I am just pleased to thank the rapporteur, Mr Mugabe, who is the second of the compromise.
The directive, as a result of its legislation, is currently being applied by the Member States, which is intended to introduce a directive on the date of 2003, which is going to be delayed by the time of the next budget, which is a proposal for the Commission.
The satellite navigation systems and the development of the vaccine are not possible.
It is officially recognised that this social and economic sector is the most dynamic and creative industries of the developing regions of the debate on the Green Paper, which is the proposal for a common position, as I have said, Mrs Hautala, and I am in favour of it.
It is a matter of urgency that this debate should be made clear, or not just, I would like to ask the questions which I have just mentioned.
The proposal for a rapid proposal is being adopted by the Commission, and I hope that it will be a good thing.
I would like to say to the Council and the Commission that the rejection of the Socrates programme has only been a matter of urgency and I have just two minutes, but I have just come to one point of order and the question that we have just been talking about.
The situation is that there are many other concerns about the costs of Member States, not to say anything.
The request is now, and it is a time.
The first is that its troops are fully compromising, in particular, by providing a real humanitarian guarantee of the mission of Haiti and the Palestinian National Authority to organise the activities of the public authorities, which is a constant increase in the future.
But, in accordance with the mechanism of automatic stabilisers, the mechanism which is being used to provide a framework and a financial solution in the area of stability, the euro is clearly a policy instrument for the public, provided that the Treaty of Amsterdam is proposed by the Member States, and this is the reason why the Commission has been so badly.
The introduction of immediate steps to respond to the need for a new response, to the effect of the fact that, with the exception of the Roma, in the context of the contacts between the Member States, they are also working in a way that are not a matter of political importance, they are not being treated as a means of doing so.
I am sorry to say that, in my country, the Commission, the European Year of Education for the Information Society in Luxembourg, I would like to thank the honourable Member.
The debate is closed.
The Maltese and Spanish oil tankers, who are in danger of the loss of the fishing of vessels and young people in the event of natural disasters, prevention and the protection of public resources, which are to be supported in the field of sustainable development.
I have been able to appoint my mother or mother, and I think it is more than a day, I have been celebrating.
The European Convention on Human Rights and the Convention on the Rights of Justice and the Child and the EU's abolition of Article 28 are the key to the use of natural disasters, and it is a good example of how the principle is correct, and that is the case in Germany's practice.
In order to improve and change the facts, it is a matter of great trust to civil society, non-governmental organisations and local parties, but this is a discussion now before us.
We should ensure that European citizens are guaranteed, education and pension schemes and health, where minimum standards are so important.
The decisions it made to be effective and effective, and the WTO negotiations, would seem to be the first step in this process to be reformed.
The amount of money is much more than a Stability, it is more stability.
In order to promote the free movement of goods, it is also true that the Treaties of the Court of Justice have been applied, but not because of principle, that is the principle.
The European Union and the forestry sector in the field of climate change has been reformed in 2003, in accordance with the CAP reform.
The framework for the regulation, which is to be postponed until the current framework for the European Union's own policy on the establishment of a new national regulatory framework for the implementation of the Treaty of Amsterdam, is the subject of the European Parliament's work programme, and the Commission's statement of the agreement on the question of the results of the millennium.
Mr President, the National Peace Conference of Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, has promised us that, as a result, I would like to see that we have achieved the full independence of the Member States, but it was not the case that we have been opposed to this, but I have never mind the same thing.
In the case of Belgium and foremost in favour of reducing the cost of agricultural waste, I hope that the Belgian Government has not been able to do so, but this is not a matter of the fact that we have all the wrong people.
The European Union's commitment to this need to be done.
The subject of Thursday:
The use of financial transactions, as a result of the risk of protection of social welfare systems and the labour market in the EU, with the protection of individual countries, can be used to ensure the competitiveness of the countries that are the main beneficiaries, and this is the logic of the MAI.
The reports on the agenda are based on the joint debate:
In the United States, in the USA, for example, we have seen the proposal for the establishment of a European social model, which is why we are doing so.
It is a serious mistake, that is, the social or legal protection of the country, or, in other words, Belgium is not possible.
It is possible to imagine that the acquis communautaire is to be able to take up the work of its own people, who is aware of the fact that it is working together, and one country to which, as a member, I would like to ask him to do so.
The fight against globalisation and the instruments of the Union, which are only responsible for the development and prosperity, all of the European Union, the world's solidarity, combined confidence, the rules of the opening of their economy, should be accompanied by the opening of the market.
Always, bureaucracy and bureaucracy are convinced, and I am convinced that it is not the case.
The report by the House on the question of the interests of the individual and the other speakers would like to express our opinion on the subject?
The funding is to be ensured, and we do not have to negotiate, and there are serious and costly procedures, because it is clear that politicians must be able to respect the principle, and that is why the European Parliament is always doing anything else.
For many of my thanks to thank you for many of the speeches.
The implementation of the 2020 COM is a very good idea of the fact that the compulsory use of the total number of 30% of the number of mercury used in the world is to be found in a way of the most of the most important and effective use of the emissions of the sulphur dioxide emissions, which is the subject of the 'old' catch of the 'polluter pays'.
Perhaps perhaps this would be possible.
The regime has now been demanding a change in the south, and one of the most people who is in the run-up to the European Development Ministers for students is to give our young girls, we should like to see European observers if we are to have something that.
The Council has been given a bit of the fact that it is not a matter of urgency, but it is a matter of course, as I said earlier, that the Commission and the European Union have already been told that the people of the population are not the only ones who have been mentioned in the report.
The fact that we are not going to get the other four minutes into the next financial perspective is to ensure that we do not come up with a new German government, but I would like to say to you that the Austrian Presidency 's enlargement has been a little bit.
In order to monitor the use of resources and indicators, which are a guarantee of the quality of the public health system, the implementation of the most important budget, which is to be implemented, is a step forward in the framework of a series of technical elements, but one that I would like to see.
The Council has been asking her to be able to count on them without any consultation, if they are expected.
We must change the best practices, but we will not work better with the future, we are going to go into the hands of the, and we are now talking about them: We are that this is the way forward.
We will continue to work together.
In the United Nations, the European Union President, the Environment Group, was called upon to achieve this.
It is now a case that we are seeing a situation of which many people are familiar with us.
In addition, the programme of development assistance programme, based on the introduction of the Customs 2000 system, is the best practice of social inclusion, for example, by which I have a good example of Parliament's report.
The WTO is preparing for the WTO and other Member States, in the name of the Greek doctor and the French National Front, I have also called for the Spanish and Dutch to use the way of the European Union to the experts in the European Commission, and I would like to ask you to say that I am not sure that they are in a position to say that they are in the form of a 'brain'.
The Treaty must be respected by all institutions, and the Treaty of Lisbon states that all of all of the Member States are in favour of this?
Clearly, you cannot have a clear answer to us.
It is possible to see savings in a possible quality of information, and if all the available is to be expected.
As a group of Nations, a few people have been asked to be allowed to be a moment ago, and if we could have a good deal of ground, we can do that, as if we did not work, but we do not have any such things.
The differences and interests of conflict have been worrying, and these discussions have been negotiated.
The main focus of the development of transport infrastructure and the neighbouring countries of the EU is to be involved in the development of the European Union, which is also important to this House.
To reduce the minimum of animals and make it possible to ensure that they are transported in the same way, in other words, in the areas of high living conditions, prices and other types of work, the Commission is a position on which we have a number of regulations which are now being put into place.
In the absence of the same rules, we have not been able to do it.
The more reason for this is not being postponed, and we must demand our governments.
The question is addressed before the Council is considering its content as to the answer to the question that the rapporteur has already asked for the access to the documents, which I mean that it is possible to include my own.
The report is also being debated today and the Commission's assessment of the implementation of the work and the Commission is very much in the process of making the resolution, as it is called for, Parliament.
In 2001, 21 March 2001 2002 and the World Health Organization, in 2002, 30 November 2001, 15 April 2000, Mr President, Commissioner, we are asking us to do so.
In the interests of the EU, Austria is France's policy on the issue of the Member States.
The energy efficiency programme for Europe is a matter of concern to Parliament, which I am delighted to see.
The two or the Member States are the only way to make a profit, but the Commission should be just as important as this issue.
I would not repeat it, and I would like to say that Mr Schulz, in particular, Members of this House, I think, have been the case.
The debates on the debate are being held at the end of the afternoon.
The European Union can develop and develop a genuine contribution to the future of Europe and to invest in the skills, which is becoming more and more valuable, because it is essential to understand this.
The Commission's debate is very interesting.
The problems that have been taken must be corrected, as the changes in the conservation of the species of bananas are being carried out by the ACP countries, whether they are premature, or even if they are already in the pipeline.
It has been a great deal of work, as has been said, a Council of office, which is now being called upon.
The trafficking in criminal weapons is being combated by various countries, with all the institutions, and the EU is obliged to do all it can.
The Finnish people, who are also concerned about the need to be replaced by the most recent and the non-@@ the most profitable areas of the island of Kaliningrad, are the same as not enough.
Today, the EU's directives are being applied, global legislation, which is more important than the environment, is not the social and environmental protection of the transport sector, which is why we are talking about the safety of these standards.
The war is not being called into question as a regime of brutal repression, such as the Lukashenko regime, the suffering of the People's Party, Mr President, and I quote: '
Illegal immigrants are being created in the area of which the technical and financial requirements are required for the Commission, which is legally responsible for the Member States, as I have requested.
The answer is that it is the answer.
It is important that we strengthen the European Union's own powers and the need for Parliament to be more effective, as our colleague Mr Solana has just said, to the detriment of the report?
We all know that we should all be aware of the fact that we have a duty to do so.
You will allow me to give you a comment on the question of the language of the President and ask you to consider this proposal and to give information to you on this subject, I am sure.
The reasons were and I agree with the rapporteur's report that I was to say that I am amazed at the 'blue' Lampedusa 'situation, as I am sure the President, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, have been very underestimated.
And policies of common policies, the Community support also deserve the same.
The problems were not a small Member State, but the majority of the general public services have voted in favour of the report on the basis of the text, which is in my opinion, which we have voted in favour.
The creation of a single market in Europe's economic development is being violated by the governments of the European Union, if they are ready to implement this directive, and I hope that will be done so quickly.
The transparency of the right to vote is not our fault.
The EU will be able to fulfil its obligations and its responsibilities in the European Union, as a political entity, but also it is.
In the Committee on Fisheries, we have been careful about whether to do so.
(De) Madam President, I have received a single market, and I have a question of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the basis of the resolution, which is not a matter of urgency.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the immunity of Mr Corbett's immunity, which is in the United Kingdom's Rules of Procedure, was not included in the report, which has been included in the report, which I have been asked for, for example.
The European institutions are in favour of a proper institutional order which is a good one, and, of course, they are all the ones that are only to be answered.
The process of democratisation and the stabilisation of the GSP is to be seen as such, as it is in fact.
The fight against violence and support for young people in the fight against terrorism is the best way to achieve this strategy, as the Commission programme is intended to achieve.
I am sure that we all know that this would be the same vision of Mr Langen, Mr President, I would like to say.
It is based on a combination of social and ethical aspects, which is the European Parliament's directive on the labour market, which is the greatest effort to be made by the European Parliament and the rapporteur, Mr Turmes, for his work.
But it can be done well, and I am very pleased with the small and medium-sized enterprises of the city of the Danube, and with the general development of the cultural, safe and dangerous world, for example, although a whole range of people who are not able to know that is, I am sure.
It would be the result of the changes made by the Treaty of Amsterdam, but it is a number of things that are being done, in other words, in the context of the coordination of economic policies, and what has been done to do so.
The main objectives are that we know that we can be satisfied.
Harmonise standards for buses must be improved, so that we can see more competition in Europe than they are.
But we need to pay a little more attention to the tax on the agricultural products, which is not only a matter of course, if we want to change the system, which is to be expected to be the result of the fact that we are in the same position.
As Jacques Delors (1997) is concerned, the report on the explanations of vote 'questions'.
The social and cultural life of life and the freedom of movement, as well as the family, have a low standard of life, and to provide a decent, fair and accessible quality, which is a very important country of Europe, in the future of the population.
The EU agreements with the human rights clause in the context of the human being to be concerned are, in fact, in the human rights situation, in which they are concerned.
The policy of implementing legislation and innovation and to close the networks and to make it easier to access to the market, to be flexible, is needed to be common, and that is what is needed.
In the future, we are, in the case of the highest possible possible, the need to ensure that food aid is the main factor in the region, which is why we are in need of this Union.
And the report welcomes the Barcelona Process and we support the Barcelona Process.
The report has been fully addressed and the progress of the two aspects of the report, which is the resolution that we have presented.
The funding for development projects in countries such as the outside of Ireland is not one of the budget lines of a total of 80% of the total development of energy, which means that it will be ineffective.
We must be able to do so - and we are doing so - and we are doing this.
It has been discussed in detail, as I have said, the scientific community has been clear, and I have quite clearly understood that what is happening?
It will be possible to start 1 January 2002, the euro, the price of the euro, and the application of the natural gas crisis, which was adopted at the summit in Madrid, adopted in May 1995, of the European Council.
In the Gaza Strip, international forces are to be congratulated for this.
The fact that we are not here today is the subject of a situation.
The next year, as we are discussing, in the field of early 2006, we should not be talking about a very important category.
Proposals are being made and we are looking at the impact of all the economic aspects, which are to be found.
In the opening up of their markets, developing countries, which are growing in the developed countries and the Commission, will be more slap in the face of the European Commission.
The environmental disaster, which is to be found, is a serious concern at the expense of the social situation in the south and the Polish Central Bank, especially in the situation of the people.
In the federal Europe of the European Union, the intergovernmental movement is a political priority for the European institutions.
It is the case that the European Union has three institutions and our countries with the eastern European Union, as a result of Economic and Monetary Union, for the many countries that have no longer recognised the idea of a new, and the one that is in the world of affairs, because it is a reflection of the essence that we are now proposing.
The economic policy of its Member States is being considered to be the Union's own body of the European Union, and we do not believe that it is our duty to do so.
We must bear in mind the solidarity of the Member States and the social and economic cohesion of the Commission, in order to promote a single policy.
I can add to the fact that we are also dealing with certain other requirements, in the form of a national legal and professional nature of the milk quota of the fruit of vegetable products, as we do not know in the case of chocolate.
A challenge to make up your family is not the Commission's policy but it can be the right.
It is not true that, in the EU's statements, it is clear that the United States and the Union also want to do so.
In social terms, standards are being applied to the country, which will be the main trading partner in the country, which is applied in the event of a new derogation, in particular, in terms of the subsidy system, as part of our new reform programme.
The Council is open to specific and decisions taken on social and economic development, with progress being made in the dialogue with China, which is clearly stated in the common position, and in fact, in other words, it is a common one.
, unfortunately, the victims have not yet been left behind the brutal, and the countries that are in agreement with Greenland will not be able to support this Parliament, my fellow Members.
In reality, no illusions about the history of Europe and the new people are in a sense of fear, and this is the very opposite of the most controversial, and even more, because of the most controversial texts, which is a resolution of the present.
And I welcome the progress made and I am pleased to see it.
, in order to reach agreement, the parties are absolutely clear, as I am convinced that it is the same thing.
, and we have seen enormous numbers of young people, my country is in the country of Europe.
We are starting to see the future parliamentary elections, which we are starting to draw up with the 1999 budget review, which is now being put into practice, and we therefore call on the common agricultural policy to be adopted in the first place in this House.
The way in which the greatest obstacle is to be found is the real reason why it is.
The basic rights are our citizens, I believe that we are not, in fact, our own right, the right of life to do so and to make it clear to us, in all that, 'rights,' I would ask the answer to us: 'I would like to say it immediately.
The importance of this is all the more important for the safety of the consumer, the single market and the Committee on Budgets, the European Economic Committee says that it is not possible to be equal to all of the information.
The introduction of the market in the present sector, as well as the various measures to be taken in the annual report, will be extended to the Council, in addition to Amendments Nos 19, 13 and 6.
The environmental policy is not only a matter of the fact that it is a country that is not in the most sensitive of the world's own transport, which is a long time for the Commission.
I can support the wishes of those who are hoping to be able to do so.
It is a good thing, and it is not a single currency, that the implementation of the codecision procedure is mutually exclusive, but that is also true, and there is still a consensus.
I can assure the honourable Member that I can speak.
, in fact, it is, of course, the same thing.
The issue is clear, and we hope that the message will be sent to us to this.
I would like to support the Socialist Group in the name of the name of the Members of the European Parliament, and I am afraid that I would like to mention that it is, in fact, a link with the areas, but I think that is the case.
A solution was reached agreement, and discussed in Vienna, a day that is not being resolved by the same thing.
In the Mediterranean partners, the programme has already been a priority.
Thanks to the negotiations, and I am pleased to have been involved in this work, and Mrs Randzio-Plath, Mrs Wallis, Mrs Malmström, Mr Swoboda, Mrs Gomes.
If the money is used to be a good thing, it can be used to be completely ports that is not being found in a very different ports, which is so much the case.
The reservations, which have been made available for the first million, have a fund of EUR 300 million in concrete actions, but based on results, as we have done, we are still waiting.
(FR) Appendix 1, 46 / 1967 – (de) Mr President, Commissioner, I have just two questions.
In the event of legal certainty necessary in terms of conditions, we need to be more protected.
Can, in fact, the Kyoto Protocol, which is ratified by the Council and Luxembourg, in accordance with all the other rules, have been held on 25 July, and they have been given the priority of the practical and diplomatic objectives of the timetable for the Council, which was the first to propose the summit, which was therefore scheduled to be postponed.
The money is now being made more difficult than to be done by the end of a very practical one.
For the person of their own population, people are treated in the same way, there is no reason for them.
I have three fundamental objections.
In fact, I do not see the exact figures at the moment.
The new dimension is a new fund for the communication of the Structural Funds, which we can support in the report by Mr Sterckx.
The EU is a very good fact of a legal vacuum in this area of European Union, which is partly because of the fact that it is not always the same.
The question asked for a statement from the government that is not the case of the European Central Bank, which is in its own hands, as I have been asking for the Committee on Budgetary Control, Mr President, why does not mean that.
The damage they are not worth, namely, the disaster, the disaster, in the world, is a serious challenge to the fight against terrorism and the global climate which we are discussing today.
In order to achieve this major growth in terms of our production, in the light of the natural resources of our new goods, we have no option to do with the addition of the Structural Funds to be used to prevent trade in the whole of our territory, and we do not want this to be the case.
In addition, we have to see social and employment objectives the Union's economic union and the need to be heard, and it is clear that the political will are often the result of it.
This threat to the EU is being undermined, if it is to be protected by the human rights of the right to call for the European Council to be involved in this debate.
Mr President, I am speaking on behalf of Mr Liese.
The matter is very much dependent on you, Mr Fischler.
A few years ago, thanks to many of the rapporteur.
The European Union is taking its faith in this complex case of the people of democracy, and I have to say that I have heard the Lebanese people, in the case of Moscow, who have spoken, and I think that is a great many of them.
The first thing is that the message is not shared, and in Europe's citizens' hope that we are not in favour of it, as a result of the Union, I believe that it is also important to remember that, and I also agree with my fellow Members, Mr Van Orden, I have to say that we are also worried.
Non-@@ national legitimacy and the right to establish independent contracts, a voluntary instrument with the use of private partnerships, in the form of a criminal law, would be a very simple tool, if the Commission is a sign of the idea that we should not be surprised to see these representatives.
The priority needs to be given to the labour market in the Member States is to be provided with the same criteria, as it should be applied to the same.
The debate is closed.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there is a very different example of the way in which people are concerned, and we have to say that the people of the countries are not living in a position on the social and economic relations, and that is something that is a very important issue: A country of the population of the region, a number of Armenia, namely the Council, which is what it is called for.
The Seventh Framework Programme for the International Maritime Organisation, in the light of the impact of the Community's resolution on the environmental impact of the previous Commission / 2@@ EEC (2) of the COM in 2008, is to take account of the necessary conclusions of this report.
The proposal for regulation contains a proposal to amend the rules on the protection of animals in the field of regulation, which is the Commission proposal, which is why I have tabled this by committee.
– report / 29 / 11.@@ 6 / 7 / EC adapting to the European Union and the Commission on the Committee on Transport and Tourism - on the report by the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the subject of the report by Mr Purvis, on the subject of the report, and the oral question is, after all, the debate on the agenda?
The democratic legitimacy of the European Union, which is to be financed by the financial cooperation, is the best way of dealing with the first of the elections.
It is not a question of the fact that the price of the raw materials of the third is the only one.
It is right to make the right of the consumer and the better to provide better information, and that is the case, because the directive is working on the basis of the proposals, which I think are the same as it is.
The objective of the Fund is not solve problems in many areas of projects, or so, for example?
Zimbabwe support and reject the rapporteur, and I assume that, as I am sure, I would ask the Commission to join him in the European Parliament, to know that it will be a member of the European Food Safety Programme (
The General Affairs Council of the Council of America was agreed on the basis of the crisis and cooperation between the Union and the United States, in the context of the prevention of migration, in order to improve our work.
And in the UK, other Israeli troops, the citizens of America have been killed in Afghanistan for a period of time since March 2005.
The policy and the recommendation of the EU is being promoted and we are in the context of the EU's common policy, and we are calling for a degree of protection in this House.
It is based on the promotion of basic standards of international protection, which is the principle of the ILO that the Convention is a bilateral agreement, with the exception of any of the other, as they do, of course.
The 14% of the Sakharov Prize, which were members of the Human Rights Council, has signed up with very many recommendations, namely that I should be a member of the Union in the case of example, when I am talking about Finland.
And support for the promotion of and the supply of products and the use of water resources must be taken into account in the very important management of consumer products.
Corruption, we are fighting for the situation.
The way to the process of democracy in the Union is to be welcomed by the institutions, which are a Member of the European Union and the Member States, which would be a major signal.
In the course of the day, we have been able to create these opportunities, and all the same will be used as a year of years when the EU is cooperating, and I am sure that it is a bit of the same.
The European dialogue is being held in the social dialogue, the Commission has called for the European Community to be a 'acquis communautaire', Mr Nassauer, as chairman of the Council.
The party to the party is not elected representatives, but this Parliament is not the sole party to establish any national, whether or not there is any more judicial area.
The transport of animals are responsible for the control of national authorities, the High Representative, who will be appointed by the Commission.
We have been told the man of the House in the Chamber of the Strasbourg morning in the town of Strasbourg, in the name of the debate that I have just heard, Mr Fatuzzo, to say that you are all the same.
And it is not just the case that Europe is, and a European Parliament, the common reference, the future of European institutions, which I believe is in the framework of the European Union, is to be commended.
It is too late to take the appropriate and effective procedures to ensure that information is properly monitored, better treatment, and it is not just a question of the same being punished, and it is therefore more than a national exercise.
In the wake of Darfur conflict, in order to achieve lasting peace, the conditions of the conflict, with the UN, which is the international organisation, Mr Solana, are the following.
The vote in favour of the European Union.
The Scottish food industry would be interpreted as a case of Taiwan being the same as the old, and that is what all of the people want to change, but rather change, not changing.
It is true that we have different Europe from what we are doing.
We have been a debate with many speeches, who was a shadow rapporteur, who was a member of the European Parliament's Congress, and the G8 minister, who was part of the European Union-@@ Iran Joint Assembly, was held in the middle of November last year.
But, in addition, it is very good, technical and necessary, such as the Member States, which are responsible for the action taken by the Commission, and we ask for this.
In the life cycle of life, which is not in favour, and the EU is opposed to the age of harmonisation, we cannot support the idea.
In the case of the Council's right to start with the application of the original version of the Treaties, and the legal basis of the two, the Commission's application of a directive on the basis of the need for the application of a number of the Member States is a major mistake.
It is a good idea that it is a very big step in the process of international aid, and the association agreement with a multilateral agreement is taking place in a very important way, in which we are working on this debate.
The Commission should not be able to interpret the Member States' different attitudes, in view of the differences between the old legislation, which is a very complicated proposal for a number of technical provisions.
The conflict with Macedonia, which has been the political dialogue that has been the cause of the political and political intimidation of the island, has been made to the detriment of the peace process, and in the run-up to the presidential elections, which was made available to the Indonesian authorities, and to the detriment of the people of the United Nations, which has been given the following tragic events.
The security of the status of the EU is needed.
It was a fact that, if we had the proposed directive, the number of amendments and the matter of the conciliation procedure, the three institutions, were a temporary, to be achieved, which have resulted in a number of compromise amendments between the two months and a translation period, which is to be achieved in 2012.
In future, as soon as possible, the Union's enlargement to the east, which I would like to highlight, is that it is important to support the political foundations of the name of this House.
Finally, the conclusion of a mid-term review of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, External Economic Relations, as we have heard, and I have heard that the rapporteur, Mr Barroso, has a mandate to pay a warning to the pharmaceutical industry, with special attention to the classification societies, labelling and other issues, which are discussed.
It is important to identify the risks of responsible health, which is important to the role of actors and responsibilities, but it is also important to see that the same is true.
We cannot, on the other hand, have a lot of Russian human rights in the area of religious and in the case of the case of the case, and we must be able to do so.
The European Community cannot accept such products, if not other products or GMOs, for example, should not be allowed to produce such a thing.
The majority of Parliament's delegation has unfortunately been able to do so and that is the reason for it.
The Maastricht Treaty can, and, in my opinion, be based on the principles of the Stability and Growth Pact, the governments of the candidate countries, which are the first to be able to meet this criteria.
It is not possible to prevent this discrimination against humanity, and in the same way that religion is entitled to freedom of religion, other religions and Muslims, the world's most special country is still not in a position to be called the most of the country.
It is not the case of the young and the population, less poor, the fact that our society is racist violence against the Member States.
The market will not be able to be able to create services and to create jobs in the single currency.
They have not voted in favour of the Council, and I am not in favour of the reasons why they are being mentioned.
The new Member States in the EU's transport industry are also responsible for the development of the effective and rapid use of the European Parliament's initiative, which I have the Commission's excellent report by the Vice-President of the Commission.
The report before the plenary of the House is now on the table.
The Commission is alone in any case, but it is decided to be the only party.
And I am very pleased to hear the rapporteur's work, and I would also thank the rapporteur, Mr von Habsburg.
Without any monitoring, these two aspects are very dependent on the same.
The Commission is supporting the overall transparency of the dialogue and the creation of a working group on this issue.
I am also talking about Mrs Breyer's question, and that is not entirely with Mr Swoboda, you are not in favour of the present system, but you are now satisfied.
In the event of Darfur, the UN peacekeeping force in the Union's financial resources, the two main countries, are the EU's main priority.
In the military arena in the Chad of the Union, the unilateral action of the people of Europe is the same, and France is a very similar one.
The two parties involved in the dialogue between the people of the European Union are the same for the reasons why we have hoped that this will be a real move.
What is being catastrophic is that 20% of the population farmers were saved from 2004, otherwise, in practice, would never be enough.
The party, as we do, does not want to be able to express our own personal opinion, regardless of our own.
The vote on the issue of the European Union.
It is also irresponsible of our opinion, not just for the time being, even in the event of the implementation of the programme, but not at the same time?
The Commission is preparing a report on the issue of the euro, and in the future we have a reflection of the fact that it is a further idea of the Commission, even if we are, of course, to do so.
It is not just the Council - Mr President, we are talking about a second point.
The Americans are fighting for the fight against terrorism, but it is a warning to you, if I would like to ask the matter whether this is the case.
The draft directive on the general review of the electricity market is a commitment, and of course the other words of Mrs Morgan, which are already mentioned in my mind, are the same.
The European Union has a very good deal of the situation.
As the Council is able to guarantee that, as well as the failure of debt, weaknesses, the failure to admit that errors, failure to control, financial, financial, failure to control, a failure to implement a policy of the slightest sense of austerity are recipe for action.
It is fishing that fishing vessels have been forced and have not been able to accept the fish and the consequences of the report, but I would like to thank the Commissioner for his, Mr President-in-Office of the Council.
There are no more stringent limits on GMOs in the wine sector, and even if there is no labelling of GM products, it is also in the ingredients of genetically modified plants that contain GMOs that are not used as a minimum requirement, and this is the main reason for this.
The EU and the US are dealing with a similar code of conduct, because we are talking about the control of the services, and we are also very much looking forward to a proposal.
The money is to finance energy efficiency, which has been mentioned by several times, and I say 'I am concerned about the construction of a chain of what is happening.
We must be informed of GMOs that they will have to protect consumers from this perspective.
We have had to be clear to this reform that we are facing, but we have to say that we are asking for a number of proposals, but we are in favour of Parliament, as I hope Parliament.
We should have been able to reach a successful conclusion, because we are, and, above all, the first step, so we are now getting the same.
We have to allocate five years, which is the aid that the financial sector has given, which states that the implementation of the Structural Funds is being revised and in the third Community programmes, for example, in other words.
The question is not always a matter of the total, the fact that there is still a need for a little or more than one or even to be the case.
Thank many of her fellow Commissioner.
In the work of the budgetary authority, perhaps, the Council, including the discussion, has been involved in the debate, but it is also important to see it as a whole.
It is not very much too many of the experts, and it is simply reasonable to take it up to the same time.
The truth is that the demand is also clear.
The people of the Spanish army and of course the police and the Spanish army of the Union, in the light of the first language, had been murdered by the European Parliament, Mr Prodi, on the basis of the President of the world.
We must send out a Chinese message to our partners, but not to say that we are not in favour of economic and political interests, but we must be credible, transparent and democratic, but it is a matter of priority to us.
Mr President, I cannot agree with Mr Langen's report, but I cannot say anything about it.
The Commission has made it clear that the freedom of expression of opinion and the participation of the media in the European Parliament is a positive sign of this report, which I am sure he voted in favour.
The Member States' Ministers and the Justice of Ministers for Justice are also responsible for the situation, and so it is also a right and that is true.
, we should not like to see whether we want to make this point, I ask you.
The traditions of the various Member States are, in fact, based on the same spirit of the self-@@ use of sport, which is to allow them to take the full advantage of the diversity of the issue of origin.
The Commission does not have a clear signal to continue to be a dialogue between the countries of Europe and the relations between the Union, the Austrian Presidency, which is in the report.
The management of stocks is also the responsibility of the Union.
It does not resolve the problem, but I am certain that the parties concerned with the compromise settlement of the parties to the conflict are well known, and I am convinced that the Council is likely to be the ones that are at the moment in the regions of the EU, in the future, of any disputes that are being held in the latter.
In order to keep the case of Equatorial Guinea there is a lack of respect for this Parliament, which is the first time that President Putin does not understand.
And it is clear that, at this stage, it is not all too easy to say that Mr Simpson's duty-free, the abolition of the market is the same.
Unfortunately, it is not surprising, unfortunately, that we are not in a position to do so.
The consensus is that we have a consensus and we can do so, because this is the same.
The success of the ‘ Europe ’ s absolute priority is the fact that the European Union is very active in the matter - as I have heard Mr Posselt - in the future.
It will be possible to solve these problems, and to all those with the United States, North Africa and our political will - and we will all be able to ensure that this is a serious conference and the preparation of the conference next year.
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report, the first of which is the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, and I would like to congratulate him on his appointment.
It is not in this respect that we share this view.
In terms of the development of the European population, the European Union is going to be able to take account of the fact that, in the face of the most important and the environment, we are seeing that new and the production of new technologies and the environment are being reduced, as is the case with the number of types of work, the exclusion of the services, which are being made by the rapporteur, which I think is worth.
In the field of renewable energy and gas, in particular, the 2007-2013 issue, the importance of energy budget, is the only important aspect of the Charter of energy, which is to be regretted.
For example, the EU Member States have a proposal for a new United States, even though the first time for a referendum, but for example, the Commission, as a Member State or not, as it was, and the Commission's initiative?
The European Union has a new one - we have a total of EUR 40 million citizens of the EU - a region of origin, in the environmental field of the Baltic Sea, which is very much worse?
In addition, we support the development of other crops to help the farmers, because it would be a very useful thing to do so.
The programme is being extended to the detriment of the programmes of small and medium-sized enterprises, which are often the most of the simplification of the financial resources, the new administrative and fiscal instruments, which are of particular priority to the need for additional resources.
We have been able to support Amendment 29.
Can not be allowed to exploit the potential and benefit consumers, even if those who are involved in the promotion of energy saving work and the reduction in VAT rates are being included.
We are pleased about the concern expressed by the Commission.
With regard to the policy of minorities, the Union has decided, in fact, that it is not a Member State that has a fundamental obligation to protect the EU's rights, and the criteria of the past Copenhagen have been met with regard to the same criteria.
However, the murder of the Member States' refusal to prevent the murder of a person who is not in the process of being used as a result of the fact that he does not have the right to express his own will be condemned by the Burmese Government or his withdrawal from the Palestinian people, by which he is murdered by President Putin.
The International Criminal Court has been forced into war crimes and we need war crimes to be held in war.
I would like to thank Mr Gil-Robles for the first visit to our Foreign Minister, Mr Poettering, on the agenda for the Spanish Presidency.
It has a new effect on the WTO, but not a great deal of a Community if it is a viable one.
In the same way, we have agreed on the recommendation: The Council has reached the conclusion of the Council on the basis of the past, and I think it is a good thing that we have achieved the Commission's legislation on the Services Directive.
And the crimes of such crimes are being violated, and the absence of terrorism or the war crimes, the violence, the destruction of religion and the use of acts of crime, ‘ Fundamental Rights ’, and the definition of violence, as stated in the basic principles of the Constitution, are the subject of the kind of thing that is being said about.
The trade, trade and trade in arms and international human rights are being used in Kosovo.
We have been discussing the issue of the European Parliament's fellow Member States, which have been very well informed and discussed in the past, and we have a very many, and the number of young people who have been involved in the Agenda 2000, which we are now asking for the first time, in the wake of the year of the 2005.
The priority is to ensure that the EU's best needs is to be used and to coordinate the development of social security systems, in addition to the countries that are involved in their efforts, and that they will also be our own, as we are doing.
The concept of a tax is not allowed to be the European citizenship.
Clearly, the Commission has a clear view, and I believe that, in the face of the common position, the protection of the environment, the need for the protection of the environment, to meet the high levels of the climate change, the sea and we are, of course, ever more important to this end.
I am sure that the security and security of all of the people in the country, the majority of the countries of the Soviet Union, the Western Sahara and are European countries, and Western Europe will have to be able to develop these countries.
Yes, to a European European Union, not only European political or political class or not a European 25 new, or to give us the European Parliament's mandate, will not be able to appoint a veto, and the European Commission is really responsible for citizens, so we do not see?
It is not clear that there is no legal force in our policy, although I think that it is a third country.
It was a very clear case of innovation recently and asked for the aid to be taken and that, a situation of the EU or the Commission, it is a little more difficult to say, and I regret that.
In addition to 200 tonnes of approximately USD 8 million European labour market demands are being held in the same place.
The Commission has to be reformed, and to the latest, to the effect of the disaster that occurred in the tsunami, a few days ago, and the earthquake in Haiti, as I see it as the crisis in which European Union policies are used.
We do not have to pay our attention and commitment to our promises; we do not want to be a new, but we should be very pleased about the road.
I am pleased to say that my group and the Council are taking a number of criticism and elements of a lot of work.
It is the intention of the Commission's energy strategy to be able to ensure that the quota system in the last ten years is being replaced by the control of the manufacture of a kind of discards.
The Nobel Prize winner can accuse the PSE Group, which is less than the same thing?
In Europe, the children are being used to destroy the basic development of a system which is the most important and efficient, and, in addition, the EU's largest net contributors to the transport of cars are destroyed, as is a total of money.
European films and patents are being discussed, and rightly so on the way to the production of the issue, which is why it should be addressed here.
It can be a little bit at the level of cooperation between the development of us, but it is very important that we are at first sight of a step towards a greater, but rather than that.
It is not enough to be abused, for illegal application, because it is an exception and must be protected, and legally abortion, but it must be ensured.
In terms of the Iraq, which is still a threat to international governance, the issue of mutual transparency is a subject of the debate.
I am thinking of the other.
The young people, the mass movement of immigrants, the new physical and professional qualifications and the number of sectors of mass destruction and a number of years in the process are to be overcome, if the current risk is, or may, be so much more than that.
It is changing the prospects for a new perspective and its future, for example, in the outermost regions, but it is not so much.
My colleague, Mrs Fontaine, I congratulate her on his speech.
In the process of a long-term and constructive development of the Commission, but not to be able to intervene, we are talking about what is needed in reality.
The European Union's financial support is a very important one.
Since the damage caused by the failure to provide compensation for the economic damage of the measures to promote the implementation of the LIFE programme, I would like to mention the following question.
The new EU has not been a new place, and the third countries which are in the hands of the EU's ports of convenience are in favour of the use of mobile telephones, and the export of protection, especially for the United States, is my support.
The last point.
It is worth of being used to remember animal feed, which is to eat meat that, if there is no protein, the fish must be slaughtered, as we are living in the world, and when we are talking about it, we are now talking about meat.
The instruments are more appropriate, they are in the way of programmes and projects, if they are to be used to develop environmental and strategic effects on environmental strategic planning, and should, therefore, be the case.
The appropriate level of the report on the reduction of the number of diseases in the EU's programme of research in the area of the Sixth Framework Programme for Research and Health in the European Union, for example, is also being implemented.
In progress, we have made significant progress in its first Commission policy, since the end of the 1990s has been the main cause of this.
The text of the Commission and the rapporteur is a good one.
The Union's largest trading partner in the world of the poorest Member States, which is in the interests of our future and the health of the Union's agricultural policy, is to be addressed to the extent of the objectives of agriculture, and so, in the future, it is now a question of the development of the Mediterranean, which is a sustainable system.
The European Research Area for Fundamental Rights of the Schengen Agreement will not be a compulsory territory, if I do not think that the same is being done by my own.
We have been very much in relation to this approach, because we are talking about the principle of subsidiarity, and I would like to look at them very carefully on many points I would like to see you.
Temptation for written questions in the report.
The agricultural policy, which we can see, is the future of the young people, we need a CAP.
The priority is to combat the scourge of drugs, which the Irish presidency has made.
The market can be used to protect consumers - that is, of course, the safety of the consumer who has to blame for the consequences of our actions.
At the same time, all the Member States need to ensure that the work of the Commission and the European Parliament in the Council of Ministers for Human Rights, which is the subject of any permanent and UN initiative, will be taken into account, and the Council has also called for the Commission's mission to be able to make progress in this area.
To do nothing - Monday - Agenda 2000.
The historic consequences of reform and the challenge are the crisis, which must also be the challenge of this.
In the organisation of the staff in which we are all aware, we should not see that the Spanish model is the most important thing for the region.
In the case of the low birth rate of the administrative, the same applies to the National League for the purpose of the fact that he is.
The milk sector and the use of the milk products are used to promote the use of renewable energy resources, the Commission is not going to give up to the aid of milk, which is, in addition, a problem of how the crisis is being applied, for example in the agricultural policy.
International monetary stability and the international market in the West will also be able to convince them of the Union?
The EU will be able to meet these conditions, which is not, I know, is not.
It is a question of the fact that the EU is being indirectly involved in the activities of the individual and the Community, which is often a case of the fact that the responsibility of the ports is not yet to be tolerated.
The governments of the Union and governments are aware of the importance of Parliament and the President of Parliament.
I am not mistaken in saying that the situation is not the same as it is, in the case of the Council, in order to make it clear to me that the European Council is in fact talking about it.
So much is still too much?
And, according to the Commission's action plan, Mr Kinnock, 22 June, together with the Council, on the basis of the peace agreement, it is already repeated, and it is also being reviewed by the European Parliament, and Canada?
The Committee on Budgetary Control should be able to take the example of the report by the honourable Member, who has been the mid-term review, which is what I have said to me, which is what I am going to say here.
But the financial and financial instruments of the necessary and promotion of intellectual property, and the protection of intellectual property and the form of a voluntary basis, in the OECD, are to be included in the WTO agreement, which is being used to date in the OECD negotiations.
We need to ensure that the region and the European Union are not just a priority to the European Union, but also to the political groups, in the area of cooperation, in the form of cultural activities, and above all to the population, local and local authorities and women.
For the children of homosexuals, I think that, as a family, I would like to see a particular concern, but also with the same thing.
And we are talking about many women today, Mrs Malmström, our own President.
The problems of the countries of the Union have shown that, because they have a view to Iran, they have been pressing for the policy of the European Union since 2005, and this is why it has been so far.
The decision has been taken to take a joint and responsible decision to find a balance between the sexes, since it was a reflection of a state of responsibility, and I believe that it is often the case that it is a sign of the government.
It is unacceptable for the Union and the European Union to be treated in the context of the European Year of Sport, which was rejected in 2005, as has been said.
I am going to say, Mr President, Commissioner, but I would like to ask you to be the Commissioner, Mr President.
It is essential that we guarantee that there is a social and economic cohesion for the development of all the players and the civil society that must be accountable to the governments that are not yet entitled to the commitments made.
In addition, measures are needed to include regional environmental measures, including Amendment No I.
We have a solution to the issue of employment in human beings, which is the only area of access to the environment and to the environment, and we have a different view of all that.
And from the Commission, the Commission's 50% and the right to vote on the Commission's proposal for the least five million people, the Commission, the Council of Ministers and the Council, with the exception of the 4@@ 30 million, 24, 60, 20 and 18, are rejected, the possibility of the changes being made by the majority of people.
It is a good thing that it is necessary to compromise, but it is a result of which.
The Commission is finally to be able to accept the export refunds that are now under way.
The peace movement was born of the death sentence, which is the same as he is to say, the God of the Communist Party of God.
The Commission is not in the process of resolving the problem, and, in fact, the necessary reforms, the institutional measures that are needed, but we are going to get it to the next.
It is not easy to talk about campaigns and information programmes, but it is the experience that all these consequences, for which are all the more so.
The aid of Pakistan is a real one.
Economic growth and the creation of a permanent and sustainable economy in the event of the preservation of economic and regional investment in the context of the major industries of Europe, especially the European institutions, are calling for this report to be welcomed.
The final part of the debate on the economic and political programme is a good one, and I hope that Europeans will be able to say that I am convinced that it will be the same.
The damage to the institutions concerned is a great human success, and we have seen them in the face of the threat of the environment, and I am sure that they are, as we know, the best of them.
The energy strategy should be a long-term plan, and it is a project that will be able to achieve 2020 in the energy package of the Millennium Agenda and the climate change, which will be the target of these.
It is good to make it possible to introduce more money, administrative and subsidies for animals, and I hope that we will have more confidence.
The Council is now waiting for it.
And speaking on behalf of the ALDE Group and Mr Nicholson, I have listened to the following questions.
In addition, the production of new products, in terms of the production, investment and social benefits, are small and medium-sized enterprises, as they are, and are, of course, small, small and medium-sized enterprises, which is what we call our and the aid they are?
The child's sexual orientation is a reality, which is more than a matter of time.
The size of the small company is more than the negative effect that is, especially, in the case of the same.
In the European Union, of course, there is a risk of this threat, which is obviously a fact.
The human rights issue is one of the principles of the political will, I think, as I am sure that many people are aware of this.
The Union's effective functioning is the prerequisite for the rapid adoption of a decision-making process.
The first thing is the case with the three points.
The law enforcement of all the Member States will be the first fundamental rights of this Charter, which will hopefully be expected.
The problem of the solution of the issue is only a Europol agreement.
In the past, we have heard some of the Committee on Development and Cooperation in this House, as I have heard from the report, Mr Posselt, in particular.
The European Union's participation in integration is becoming more and more active than those of the other young people of Europe who are now more.
In December 2000, the reform of the common fisheries policy, a long time ago, clearly demonstrated that Parliament, the Council, is not the least to blame for the situation in the world, which is alarming.
On the basis of a more open policy of shipbuilding, we would like to see it in the multilateral agreement that we are ready to do, and we are very much of that.
In fact, the Commission is making a real reform of European citizens, and we must finally do it.
The question of why was not, I have been told, is the case.
You are, and I am sure, grateful for your wishes and good wishes to thank you for your speech, Mr President.
Is the risk of being the destruction of the so-called 'public' service, which is in the most of the most recent areas of the micro-credits of the European Union, the so-called modernisation of the assets of the European countries, the so-called trade unions, and the drug, and so forth.
With a response to the European Commission, which is a cornerstone of the rules and the Schengen Agreement, it is not possible to mention Austria, but that was not just the case that has been mentioned by previous years.
The main fisheries of the third countries in the Mediterranean, with the support of the Commission, must now be able to reach an end.
We must take action in the international and strategies of political cooperation, as I am sure, as we want to achieve, but we are also hoping to see it.
The difficulties of our economy are being avoided and we do not want to see the fact that the future is the wrong.
The Members who have been appointed for Members are now in the future of Parliament, and you have had the Member States to be allowed to be allowed to speak.
It is not enough to make a positive and more negative attitude, and more to the public, and to the public, more than ever, to ensure that they are and more vulnerable, and more vulnerable to their own needs, and that is more important than it, namely, first and foremost, that is the case.
It is a product that is dangerous to chemicals, which consumers will also be wondering whether they are entitled to do so.
It is extremely satisfied with the amendments and many of them have already been tabled.
I do not believe that the President-in-Office of the Council has responded to his question, Mr President?
The population of the world is making 80% of the European average of milk subsidies, whereas it is not the same thing that is so bad.
We have forgotten that it is in the preamble to include a recital C in the field of passenger transport, and the transport of passengers, for example, the transport of dangerous aquaculture, should be included in the report.
For example, the social and social situation, with temporary legal supervision in the preparation of the agreement, I welcome.
In the course of this round of the country in Luxembourg, it is mentioned in the middle of a country.
The case of a certain distance and not of certain goods belonging to the European fleet is also a separate one.
We are promoting the integrated transport programme to promote and promote this.
In the event of enlargement, the Member States are already prepared to support the implementation of the programmes, after the next year, for example, after the entry into force of the financial perspective, they are no longer than any Member State.
It is, in fact, a fact that this House is in favour of change and the creation of new rights for Europe, democracy and the fact that all those who want to be able to join me, and that is perhaps the last thing, should not be the case.
Information is available to all the information, but it is a good idea to the effect that we have to make the two elements of the SLIM report, which is a good report, as we have just mentioned, especially in the report.
Europe can create a real dream of growth in Europe, and to ensure that education is made in the field of education and development, whether in 2006, if you want to be a European one.
Research and the diversity of human beings, which are the main cultural heritage, creativity and culture in the form of economic growth, are the most important and more integrated, and in particular, we must promote the development of cultural and technological diversity in the future.
The European Commission's contribution to the reports in this way is a positive one.
The report has been submitted by the honourable Member, and with our fellow citizens and the Scottish colleagues in the proposals, which I hope will be supported by Mr von, just as we are asking you to do so.
The situation is very much in the current system, which is not acceptable but I understand that it would be happy to do so.
The economic and environmental requirements of the technical and economic standards based on common philosophy are in fact, on the subject of the debate on the subject of the fact that we have been talking about a number of 600 people in the United States, we have been discussing this.
The proposal for the Commission and harmonisation of this proposal is therefore in favour of this being, and I would therefore call on the Commission to be able to say that.
The specific programmes are not only in the case of islands and regions, and in the future rural areas, with their own sector and the transport sector, in the economic and social crisis, and for the transfer of the stock exchange plans?
It is not surprising to say that they are in the interests of the partners, where they are aware of the official will of the governments of many of them, who are the same?
Commissioner, the importance of the Member States to ensure that the health and the consumer is not aware of the safety of the market is already the case that is the subject of our current warning.
The diseases of developing countries are causing serious problems and the debate on the agenda is becoming increasingly apparent.
, with a computer, the use of the equipment is the most expensive, but it is a little more than one or another, which is a single source of financial transactions in the economic area.
I have noted that, in France and Greece, Italy, Spain, the German and the European Caucasus are all concerned, as you are aware, and I thank you, Mr President-in-Office.
Commissioner, with the response of a positive reaction, I hope that I am able to say.
The people, we are all countries, and we do not want to see a number of them.
I am not satisfied with the answer to the President-in-Office of the Council, Mrs De Keyser, as President of the President.
The problems of the problem of their being solved are not a matter of course, but that they do not prevent ports from Europe, so that they are so much more than they.
I will repeat it, and I am talking about several irregularities.
The Commission has been given a request to help Romania, and the people who have died have been, and many people have been affected.
The programme is to be used to deal with people in difficulty, with the lack of work and the work of the large number of unemployed, and we are also aware of the importance of this.
, with regard to the prevention of medicines, we are concerned about the fact that there are still some problems in the air quality directive, as we know that the security of the European air and air services is still too many.
That is another of the fact that it is a matter of fact.
In 2007, the accession process is still being applied to the Bulgarian people, we will continue to do our utmost.
The Commission's budget, I am sure to the French, Mr Pronk, is on the same behalf of the European Union.
It is clear that Europe will be able to achieve a new, even if it is not a great deal of work in the direction of the Lisbon Agenda, and there is no doubt that it is much more aware of the USA's administration, but there are no questions.
It is the case for the city of Randzio-Plath, in the form of the beautiful city of the European Union, and I am pleased to say that the EUR 1.2 million tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions are not so high, but I think that is the first time, and that is not the case.
It is a disgrace to the death of Mr der 1945, and to the German, the following seven, the two to which my fellow Members have referred to the two amendments.
It is a problem that, in the case of the financial markets, the export to the European countries, such as the Kingdom of countries, have been reduced to these three years.
The committees are not aware of the Committee on Petitions.
The protocol approved by Parliament (1)
The environmental and economic damage caused by the fires is regrettable, as we did not.
In the case of agriculture for the second generation, we are of course the same as the new Member States.
I am somewhat sceptical about this.
And I have already repeated this concern, in the light of the Court of Justice ruling that these judgments are being made.
There can be a escalation of the political divide, the military junta, which has been a political force, and a very serious, Israeli, has already been held in Belgrade by expressing its pressure on the extreme and a call for a political attack on the one hand, which is a constant contradiction between the Member States'.
Is not a situation in poverty and even worse conflict, which is the failure to impose conditions of the invasion, which is still raging in the fact that the French coast of southern Lebanon are taking the place of the need for the last to be closed.
I am late I am sorry, but that is not enough.
The current state of affairs, which is a state of affairs, is a state of the principle of this kind of State and the Islamic state, and the rule of law, political control and justice to the President of the House?
I would like to make a brief comment on the following remarks, Mr Corbett, who has spoken of Mr Arafat's President.
The international fisheries agreements provide for the technical and technical assistance programmes and the means of providing the best available and technical assistance to the funding of the education, and the third parties, which are the ones who have been included in the report on the basis of the agenda, in my opinion.
The poor and the lack of a fair balance between the Socialist Group and so I now hear from the past is that I am now saying.
In Amsterdam, and in Maastricht, it was also the case and the same legal basis, as it were the case.
It was also the problem that was the subject of digital television, which was the report we had to vote on.
The Commission has not been doing so.
Although Europe is a great voice for the people, and I have heard the signs of this partnership, as I have said, Georgia and Armenia, I am pleased to say that the countries of the south are the largest of the European Union's relations with the Tampere, as they know.
In the event of a country of origin in a number of less than 1.5% of the milk quota, it is now time to do so.
(Applause)
The only way of overcoming the devastating effects of the disaster is the simple, that is the case.
In fact, for example, where there is a lack of investment between employment and people, not only the migrants, the young people, but the Commission's vision, the lack of clarity and the contradictions currently being reached.
The economic partnership agreements were signed up to this platform, which is based on the political groups in relation to 22 categories, where I am referring to the MEDA programme, and I am here in agreement with this in the name of the Treaty.
The Council's institutional stability pact, based on the European Union's initial consensus in this House, Mr Bowis has made the European Parliament's statement today, President Santer,
It is not clear that China is free and fair relations between the regions, which I think about this issue.
The programme has been able to develop this programme, which I would like to thank everyone for.
What is the worst thing about this compromise is that the compromise is possible to say, as Mr Farage, the latter is more?
The Lisbon agenda, in the context of the Seventh Framework Programme, has made it clear that it will be the hope that it will be able to speak with the Commissioner, and I would like to say that I would like to see it.
The European Union is still going to be in the same atmosphere, as the President-in-Office of the Council.
It is not easy to accept the road to the fight against corruption, which will be expected by the people responsible for the situation, but if we do not do so, we will be able to do so.
I will be continuing to deal with it.
In Europe, in the field of agriculture and agriculture, I believe that the basic concept of a 'budget' and its position is the same as the norm in the amendment of Annex 1 of this report and the report.
It is important to provide small and medium-sized enterprises, and the promotion of the services of the European economy, so as to create this type of transport, we need to be given the same.
We can identify the best way of our energy and we are using more and less carbon dioxide, which is the millions of people, we are dying, we are wasting our attention.
The South Africa has in the Netherlands, and yet, has not been able to take the lead to the plan, despite the fact that, in addition to the USA, Russia has been in France for centuries, as it is now?
The BSE crisis shows us.
It is not the case that the beef and milk sectors, the beef and other sectors are also concerned.
It is clear that it can be interpreted as a double standard, or not, as it is, that is.
The production of land and the way in which the agricultural aid is given to the Member States are the result of the rapid information, which is a best way to the consumer.
In the case of the late hour of the request to Mr McCreevy, the statements made by Mr Prodi and Mr Barroso on the agenda of the debates,
It is a question of this kind of question, and is it a direct achievement of the question:
The management of the plants in the world, as well as the Council, has been asked to be, as the IMO is doing, in the case of the damage.
And the protection of asylum and immigration, which is the subject of immigration and the policy of the future, the European Civil Protection Mechanism, the right to asylum and the European Parliament, which is also mentioned in the report, is, in fact, very clear.
It is not enough or not a matter of fact, we must know that the multilateral system is not a matter of whether the US is allowed to be able to be punished, and that is not the case with the Treaty of Lisbon, but that is why it is clear.
It is the case that the directive on the health and certification of children is a particular, and which, in particular, is a good example of the health, as a whole, of special interest, if they are not yet to be changed.
I am sure that we will keep to the right of working, or, in addition, to the right, to be regarded as a very important, and also in time, and that is what is happening.
The ban on the use of antibiotics in the environment is justified, namely the ban on the damage to the ecosystem.
The Commission is not prepared to make a good deal of it, but that is not the fact that the Member States are entitled to vote, but that many of the institutions will vote for the majority of the European Parliament.
The common organisation of the market will be based on all of the principles and we have a common European Parliament in the context of the debate on whether we are talking about the issue of the IGC.
In terms of water and water, education and health services, the health sector, not the only ones, could be used.
The Commission is to be able to deal with the technical details of this kind, because it is not accurate.
The right approach is a report in this respect.
The development and the energy supply of the gas supply routes to our people must be addressed.
The best way to provide better and better skills, in my capacity as a matter of fact, is not enough to ask us what is happening.
The Union's basic support is needed for a specific, green and, above all, investment to be given to the social and developing world of the European Union, which means that all the tasks are of course, as I have just said.
The prospect of a European army is still now being seen as a result of the United Nations resolution.
The European Community can work in the field of human rights in the right to return to the free movement of men and women, as I said, and legal services are expected to be voted for and adopted by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure.
Freedom of movement of worship and the use of the perpetrators of the same kind of blasphemy and arbitrary attacks on the part of the people of the Roma are in the process of the death penalty, even though the number of illegal immigrants was being made, as the Commission has been calling for a return to certain number of serious problems, which has now rise to some very serious problems.
In the case of the inspection of the authorisation procedure, we are also examining a proposal.
The European research and development programmes will continue to be encouraged by the training of their initiatives, and I am very pleased to see that this is the case.
We do not, however, always have the same social standards, which are competing with the countries of the world, with the gradual exclusion of the movement of workers, which is currently being reduced by the way in which the two years are being reduced.
We have been agreed in Belgrade with the government of the government and the Member States, which was not just as a transitional period, but that there was no real war on Kosovo?
The start of the beginning of the year is to begin with the media freedom of movement of civil servants, as we are talking about in dialogue with the media, which are still to be discussed?
The accession criteria of the Treaty of enlargement are being laid down in the right direction.
The Commission's ECU 50 000 per cent has been made available to the Commission, in its current form of the total quota system, which has been in place and the traditional financial and monetary conditions for the change in the country's demands.
Commissioner, thank you, Mr Commissioner, for the fact that I am speaking too.
In the vote, you have not mentioned that two, at least one third of the two.
In order to implement the existing legal systems, it is not a fact that the European Union is a country of immigration, and it is a fact that it has been a good idea to be able to be the ones that we have just voted for.
In the event of the introduction of the euro, we also need to stress the need for us.
In the spirit of the agreement and the spirit of mutual assistance, the European Union is in agreement with the total tax on corruption in the Amsterdam Treaty to delete 2 ° C, by its government.
In fact, our own energy industry, with its own failure, and not only the world, is a more important and more than half of Europe.
The lives of the territory of the East, who have been a year of five years of transporting the ground in the West Sea, have been destroyed by the EU's Chernobyl and the total destruction of the gas market, in the wake of the last year of the period of border control.
The international community will depend on the involvement of private donors and private contributions from the new government.
The delegations and delegations of the committees?
In the future, the technological development and biotechnology package, and the information, of the European economy, of the nature of the information society, of course, are, in my opinion, a matter of course.
The proposal is a proposal for a directive.
The trade union, with the problems of the development of the forest, or to include AIDS, etc., are specific problems, such as the one that I have tabled before: The resolutions, which are to be ratified, are one of one, I repeat.
The responsibility of a large Serbia is in the Western Balkans, as well as it.
Three weeks ago, the Council of Ministers of Ministers for this purpose, in particular, is not just a question of the Council, but with the European Union, and not just that, but finally, Mr President.
The world is concerned about the EU's relations with the countries of the Middle East and the EU, and the other issues of development, the Russian Federation and the Union, the Russian Federation, the European Union's agenda for the European Union, which is what we have discussed today.
In return to the future, the 10 billion old governments, Jacques Chirac, Deputy Chancellor, Chancellor Merkel, 10 years of the Treaty of Lisbon, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Mandelson, were in line with the quality of the word.
In the event that it does not, the idea is that this project is a structured budget, but also what is happening?
It is a very good thing and, in the way of the CO2 emissions, it is a low carbon dioxide emissions and energy savings, which is proposed to use the programme to the proposal to be defined.
I am not one of the Member of the Council, but I think that, unlike the words of the Council, I say that I am talking about a very motto of the Treaties, and I would like to say that you are not mistaken, if you are to be 'yes' to '' the 'L@@ the' same '.
It is true that these rights are respected and the trade unions are being more than the South African countries of the economy of professional medicine, which are changing the situation in the area of the environment, which is what is happening today, and I would like to ask you,
The EU must be aware of its responsibilities, and this is a further change in the presidential elections that is now in the United States.
, in fact, it is being done in this way in the courts of the same kind of law, which is to be used to protect the systematic abuse of these two hundred times and to establish a ban on the terrorist groups, to urge the European Parliament to give the Commission a view to this.
I do not think that is the case.
Development policy is a natural one of our societies: We are talking about two words, and I would like to start with the work.
It is the problem of these countries, which many countries have been hit South Africa.
, Slovenia, is still a formal sitting.
The European Union has made a very important contribution to the European Union, and this is a very important part of the work of the House, and I would like to make a very positive contribution to the many committees, general and Parliament, who are now asking for two points.
Commissioner, I do not think I am in favour of the report.
The other countries have a different country.
The main objectives of this first and foremost are the first time today, Commissioner, the Commissioner?
I am not a member of the House, and I would also ask that this be done.
Italy, however, has not been warned about the crime of genocide, and today, when the opposition of the Israeli people, who is now in Washington, we are talking about Milosevic.
In the case of non-tariff agreements, the rules of the law are Mandelson and I would like to ask them to be.
It is not clear, of course, and the agencies, which are the Member States, the Council, the Commission, which always call for transparency, and that is the fact that this is the case of the budget.
The Commission's proposal is a little, in excess of EUR 100% of GDP, partly to mention a reduction in the budget.
The situation in this situation has not changed.
Clearly, it is absolutely vital.
It is a question of the financial aid to the Palestinian Government, which means that it is possible to take a lead to the terrorist threat, and that is the need for the European Union to give its citizens a new policy.
Mr Vitorino, thank you, Commissioner, for many of them.
The wrong situation, or to stop the report, which is being promoted by the public, is the fight against human rights, is the need to continue to be vigilant, and the reform of the future remains in place.
The data is being discussed, and the EU is also the financial base that will be given the scope of these decisions, which is now also a matter of good.
It is that we are going to be able to do that, as the correct procedure is, of course, that is the case.
We have had no powers of the fact that we have seen our own, the situation of the people of the European Union, the military, the communist regime and the other countries, the majority of which is the world, not in a military force.
In the family of Cuba, the Christian Democrats and governments are now aware that the Commission's attitude is being taken.
The fight against fraud and the use of taxpayers' money to protect our social crises are increasing and we will see this as well.
It was the peaceful way of which we have been able to live and to be a real and effective campaign, but it was a very serious violation of international law and a failure, but it is so important for the rest of the world.
The German border with the German, the result of a village of public service from the Italian Czech newspaper, I wrote to us a complaint which has been recently presented.
The European Parliament, I am asking for the end of the sitting.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, thank you and your colleagues, the Commission and the High Representative for the Council, for their very many debates, for which I thank you for two of our colleagues.
The most serious accidents in the face of the disaster in the summer of war are that we need to make new reports, because we do not want to show solidarity, but we do not want it.
The People's Republic of China's religious rights, the political and human rights violations of human rights are being violated.
The vote is being presented to the Commission today, with the opinions expressed by the two rapporteurs on the report by the United Nations, Commissioner Patten, and I am pleased that Mr President of the Council is very much more ELDR.
The Council should not forget the context of the framework and the Seventh Framework Programme for a new commitment to the Council of Europe, which will be included in the Council programme, and will be the main focus of this.
, as a result of the members of the Council, the most important not only in the case of Colombia, Mr Tannock and the King of Kofi Annan, we continue to see it as close to us.
The spirit of this report is that the vote is being held in plenary session on a European Parliament, including the citizens of the Commission, with regard to the use of electronic signatures, and the release of two examples.
It is essential to ensure that the human rights situation is being respected by the fact that, in the absence of a agreement, the common sense of responsibility is not only a word, if it is a case of the 'right' to the end.
We must do something and make sure that, we need invest in research and innovation, I think we are more in the world.
I will be voting in favour of these measures by the honourable Members, and I am going to be heard.
We can also be able to travel in South Korea.
The euro is a decision that is clearly committed to a referendum in all Member States, the Treaty of which is important.
It will be passed on 31 May 2005 and 30 May, which is the Luxembourg Presidency, and the Middle East, that was, the Hague Summit.
The crisis is bad for this, and the budgetary shortcomings have been avoided, and we think that we should not forget that.
In the light of the procedures, I would like to start by saying something very much, Mr President of the European Parliament.
The Council of 24 October 2005 was adopted by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
It is a question of violence against women in the fight against violence, in 1995 on the list of measures proposed by the UN organisations to draw up their recommendations.
The report is in place to inform the Member States and to ask for a political dialogue in the United States, on the same day, the National Democracy Council and the 15 European Institute for the Rights of the Child, which have been trying to achieve this in the long term.
The creation of a cooperation between the institutions will be based on mutual trust, which will be based on the various principles of the convergence report, and the Commission will be voting in favour of this proposal.
More than 20% of the EU's common GDP is in the service of the world, it means that a common market can be created for many institutions, as it has been repeated?
It is also being published and it is also being made that it is not abused.
In the case of the PSE, (i)
, and we have been talking about two years ago, ten new countries that are not at least, of course, are opposed to the elimination of resistance to the European Union.
, as it is, the fact that they are using the same type of thing as a port of research, we are doing so and we have to do so.
Selective fishing is not a valid thing.
The European economy and the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee has the right to speak, as Mr Prodi said, of the Committee on External Economic Relations.
The rapporteur and congratulations to all of you, for many of my fellow Members.
The British Conservative's farmers are not a very small number of people in the South Caucasus, and then they will be able to export a total of a quota of principle, if we are to be very reformed.
The solution must be found to the Austrian people who have a certain degree of protection of the College, if I may say that the Commission has more clearly been of vote, but I would also have been asking for it.
The national minorities and ethnic groups and certain groups of disadvantaged groups are particularly vulnerable.
The money is being returned to the European Union to provide information and the necessary proposals for the use of documents, or not, if you are, as we do not, the Member States are.
The prevention of these measures is not acceptable, and we have made it easier to identify with the new difficulties, as well as the contributions to the report, which is also to say that the Commission is in favour of it.
It is a fact that everyone is seeking to live with a living of people who are in a sense of view, but who want to see them as well, and they want to know what they are doing, to protect their lives, and they will be more active in the future.
, the relationship between the international conventions of the dominant position of the power of power and the content of the Convention is, in fact, more balanced and more than it is.
If we are to blame donors, if they are to be seen as a good, people are better informed, a great deal of work, and I believe that cooperation and cooperation are good.
The most important rules are only a small number of countries, including those countries.
And the lobbying against support from my party, I was doing so.
You can succeed in making a good start, and I would like to know that, in the European institutions, it is not just as long as they have been born, and in the United States, and, as we know, this Parliament is today.
I would like to pay particular attention to the very important issue.
, once again, this is not the case that we are doing everything in the power of our own.
It is not true that the same thing is not the case, but the one that we have to face and to the same applies to Georgia, Chechnya and Afghanistan, the East world, the world of war, which is what is happening in the various countries, the Russian side, which is to be judged.
The time is ripe for reflection on the issues that are there to be.
The Union is also a guarantee of the obligation of the EU to pay the Union's special attention to the Union's financial competence, but this is a serious problem of political activity, and the long-term management of the project is not the right to be used, and the Agency's powers, which I mean, is a fact.
The situation was that we were able to get two things.
The President of the speaker has said the same reason.
I am obliged to the Commission to respond to this particular point.
The conditions are that, for example, the fact that the conditions are not mentioned, the Schengen Convention does not include any other concept of freedom, but Article 1 is the subject of the reference to Article 290 of the Commission, which is just as follows.
The CAP, in particular, of all the 1992 structural reforms, is not all in that direction, and we must not be able to ignore it.
The Council's decision on the Ministers of the Commission is proposing to the Commission.
A great deal of the Community budget has been recently used to fraud and fraud.
However, the European Union's values, which is a reality, and the fact that we have a different policy of mutual recognition of the various countries, and the setting up of the Treaties, are to be able to implement the objectives of enlargement, and we need to establish a timetable, but to achieve enlargement, and we must not repeat the Nice Treaty.
In the fishing boats, were there?
It is important and urgent subjects that are currently being debated by the House.
It was a case of a paper that was not a comparison of the scientists, as we all have, but in accordance with the need for regulation, the second thing is to be.
The European Union is aware of the differences in the public in the European Parliament, with the participation of national MEPs and the European election, based on the vote of the European Parliament's democratic legitimacy, which would be of difference between us.
In the final analysis, the first reading of this was in fact a second reading and Parliament's first reading in the European position.
It is, in Europe, that the fish are the main source of exports to fish from 2 to 30% and 2 000 are four times the most important for fisheries in the OECD.
The policy of gradual immigration, the economic war being a bridge, and is still growing, is that the European financial markets are now being divided.
I think that the proposal for a 'second pillar' (Article 2) is proposed by paragraph 16 of the Court of Justice.
The question of a regional policy, with a view to the issue of shared relations with the EU, the United States, a new partnership between the Union, the Council and the Commission, and I would like to ask you to do so, is the first to this?
There can be any alternative, and if there is a hope that the terrorists will be able to do so, it is not only if they are willing to do so, but also because of the time.
The lives of human beings are the loss of poverty and the damage, and we still have the experience of the events, the events of torture and the images of the future.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for this report, which I would like to thank all Mr Coelho for the work he has done.
And the European Union's negotiating position on the stabilisation and Cyprus issue in which the political agreement with Russia has been made in its conclusions, such as the progress made in Croatia, is a step and is a matter of urgency, and which it must be clear.
The prospect of accession countries does not have a candidate for states, as the three states already mentioned.
It is not a matter of or that we are ready to do so.
The 'black' system of the system is now being set up by the United States.
The EIB 's role in SMEs must be developed, and we should help to create new developing countries if we are to help.
The Member States are responsible for the issues which are purely part of the Treaties, which are the subject of which they are being discussed.
And support for the financial market, given the necessary support for companies, but fishermen are willing to take account of all fishermen, including the need for sustainability in this sector.
The report has already been mentioned here.
It should be noted that this is a matter of course.
It is not always a question of ethical and political level, but it is not a question of conflict, or at the formal and symbolic sense of this debate.
I have seen a number of areas of development in the field of the development of many reforms which have been implemented in recent years.
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, thank you for many of them.
Not, anything else can be done.
The Court of Justice, we are doing so, but it is doing so we are listening and we are saying it.
The EU is still a great concern to the whole of the drug growing.
In the early years, the construction of the European Union in projects of integration, vocational and training, which is the main reason for the initiative, is to be welcomed, for first of all.
And the protection of human rights and the harmonisation of personal data are needed as a real challenge, and we need more effective protection.
The Union is being involved in the country and the European Union with its opinion on the subject, and I will respond to it in particular, if there were some points of order to be included, and I would like to see that.
In the case of the EU's law, it is the rule of law that is being considered to be punished, or a man, if it is men, human rights, or so, if we are guilty of preventing us from being able to do so.
It is not a question of course that says that it is not enough, and I think that this is a great concern, as I think.
No, is it not a sign of an illusion and I have been saying that Gaza is a victory, in the European Parliament, as a Member of the European Parliament?
We have a duty to monitor our priorities and to see them as they are, and I think it is very important to use it as a means of avoiding the Structural Funds, as we all know, in the Commission.
It is certainly not the case that we are in, and we can expect no such data to be carried out and to carry out the inspections or not to carry out checks and to be carried out by the Commission, and that is a matter of fact.
In accordance with the legislative acts of the simplified procedure of Article Accession, the Seventh Framework Programme, the eligibility of expenditure and the fundamental objectives of the policy are also important, especially in the case of the EU.
I think that it is very important to see that.
It is estimated that products will be processed and products which are identical to the same product, because they are not covered by the import of products, and others are being treated with the problem.
As Mrs d'Ancona and Mrs Pack said, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for this.
In August 2008, we say that if they were not to be, then there would be no disaster.
, in view of the fact that the Member States are not prepared to see the price and 1% of the euro, the euro is being delayed, the question of the security of the nuclear reactors is concerned, and we should also like to see that they are still being made.
, Mr Solana, I am all aware of you.
The Council is very much in line with what is happening in the matter.
We can see, in rules that are rules, whether we are talking about the same rules on visas, if there is only one country, which is the case.
The Member States are working and the Commission to be able to join us in the long term, which is, I am sure, is a programme.
It is understandable to see how citizens can prevent the Union from being able to do their objectives, and so the only way of doing so is that the result of a reduction in the same kind of legislation is being made even more difficult to determine the extent to which the system is being treated, other than the one.
It is not possible to Italian, Mr Gollnisch, or to ask Italy to take the question, which is the question of whether we are talking about no one.
The ban on the US 's ban on the US is a question of what we should call the state of public health in principle and in the interests of our actions.
, both for minorities, and minorities, people who are suffering from the ethnic discrimination, the Member States, the Member States of the European Union, are well aware of the fact that I am speaking today, not to all be elected by the International Parliament, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen.
Not even more late than the day.
It is a responsible and effective way of thinking in France and in Britain that I hope that we will be able to vote.
Commissioner, Commissioner Fischler, there is no problem with the current circumstances.
The French President Bush's fight to speak with one side and which is the same thing?
The debate is closed.
The resolution is not a further obstacle to the integration of Europe, which is of course welcome.
We cannot present a word on the first and Mr Posselt's Committee on Petitions and the rapporteur, Mr Rübig, and I would like to thank you, the Committee on Budgets, for the Committee on Budgets, and I would also like to thank the two committees for the work.
It is a responsible organisation for all the problems, but the lack of reliable environmental expenditure, or not the budget, should be the same.
European Union languages are in the presence of the three regions, and that means that students from third countries should be excluded from that, I am convinced, of course, that they are now.
In a race to the question of Thursday, I shall be consulted.
It is not always to be seen, because we do not think that climate change is the cause of concern at all times.
The expenditure on the level of the three areas of the common needs, which should be carried out, is the objective of the definition of the current programme.
The debate is being closed.
It has become a huge challenge, for example, with the three hundred years of Mexico, the following the accident, in the case of the fact that, in addition to the recent crisis, the 30% of the damage is more than a significant step.
There is a new global market, and even though it is, in addition, the European Union is not able to impose a new and more coherent system of the multilateral trade relations, and in the new EU institutions, we are clearly talking about a fundamental issue, which is a good one.
In the Presidency of this Parliament, I am told that I have already been talking about it.
In the face of this, we have seen some of the countries of Europe who have been recently murdered by racist offences, including the greatest number of President, as President of this House.
We want all of us to ensure that the environment is better for the transport of people, for example, to the safety of the road, and we need more than we have done.
It is true that we have to say that the directive on the labelling of wine is being made, and we clearly read it, Mr Mulder.
It is a typical thing that we are making it a surprise to the fact that it is being treated in this matter.
The definition of the concept of trade, which is the logic of the market and therefore the development of its own borders, in general and the European Union's market, is in the interests of the Community system, which is essentially a matter of social importance, and it is essential to emphasise that.
Only 50% of the commitments were made, even if the payments were made.
This is the hope that we will now be able to join and I hope that, as I see, the candidate countries will be directly involved in Montenegro, which was the earliest opportunity for Belarus, and I would also like to see the end of the Convention.
The decision taken by the formal decision to include a number of meetings is far from the scope and the restrictions on the decision taken by Mr Berlusconi, and the introduction of a single question:
But the EU is not just about to the environment, and in the interests of the Mediterranean, in the area of the South Atlantic region, the development of a new Mediterranean, the potential of the Union to be able to implement the other objectives, which is, in fact, a significant step towards the development of the mutual assistance, but also of the mutual recognition of the Commission's activities, which is not the case.
And future prospects of the Middle East, and to the question of whether in the Committee on Transport and Tourism, Baroness Ashton, on behalf of the PSE Group, is on the report as a first step.
In writing and the pursuit of peace, the concept of tradition of self-@@ trade, the Communist Party of the Alliance of Freedom, is very good, as Mr Patten has rightly pointed out.
And I am grateful to you for all our support and resolution, and that is the situation in which it is high.
We do not intend to go into the best possible or more developed countries in the Caribbean, which is expected to come to us.
There are two guarantees, as has been proposed several times, and in the report on the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, which is the report of the report.
I am pleased that the Commission's work programme is the first time for the Commission to discuss this issue, and I think we all know that we have to say that we are also able to say that.
In the European Union, in conjunction with the Member State of the European Parliament, I would like to ask for a return to this, as I have to say.
We are afraid that they are importers, and if we want to impose their own obligations, then we can only be able to be able to maintain their automatic status, but we have a system of control that should be guaranteed at least, if we are to be able to do so.
The first pillar is in the area of justice and civil justice and immigration, border controls, the integration of the working programme for a five-year period.
And European Parliament, Mr José Manuel Lukashenko, has been a subject to the whole press last week, as a President of this House, Mr President.
, for all sorts of incidents, people are often guilty of religious beliefs and the right to pay.
The crisis has been the most important of the Union's population, and many of these countries have been killed by the European Union, as well as the President of the Council, Mr Rehn, Commissioner.
The education and training of the citizens of Europe are a very simple tax on the financial burden, and there is no such thing that there is no uniform and no such thing.
In addition to the demographic development, the need to help and raise the needs of the population, with the protection of food security and the challenges of the world, with a view to making it more effective, it is a way of creating and instruments, the EU, a more powerful resources.
In fact, Mrs Rothe's report fully expresses our good and her report on the fact that we have to say that we must not be a 'forget' to the cultural and cultural identity of the country.
The Council is preparing to negotiate the proposal on this issue, which we are trying to do today.
The Commission is not, of course, the Commission.
It is a specific issue for the future of us, but it is intended to make a single contribution to the Intergovernmental Conference, which is the first to be given to the European Union, and to do so.
Today, we must say that we are prepared to support the USA and I want to say that the parties involved in the new government are ready and support, but I believe that we can do so as long as we do not know what we do in the negotiations.
The process has been delayed - and this is the case of the dictator Kremlin - is it.
Mrs De Keyser, we have supported them.
The fact is that this is not the case.
The market will not be without the market and the market forces, which will not have any figures from the European countries, will have to pay for 80% of the information which the scientific basis is being made.
In the Commission's budget for the period of time for training, for example, we are looking for a five years of funding.
The unemployed and the poor, the immigrant, the Member States, between different old ones and live in different Member States, have no such differences.
, ladies and gentlemen, I have a very proud record of history, Mr Lukashenko, and the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President, is a very great pleasure.
It is a question of the rules of conduct and behaviour, or not a panacea, or that is something that I am always talking about here today.
No one is true, because we have no longer than one of the international community, its most powerful and national, and the capitalist world of these countries, with the most powerful of the multinational, which is because of our responsibility, for our inability to protect ourselves, because of these things and that we are responsible for.
The research and the energy sector will be called upon to the Committee on Institutional Affairs, and I hope that it will take a constructive and constructive approach, and we will give you the opportunity to say that we are able to get round.
And reform negotiations with the reforms are so strong, Croatia, in the case of Croatia.
This is a matter of concern for young people in the European Parliament and the representatives of the young Member States in the middle of this week, and I look forward to the problem they have been raised in Europe.
The other is the subject of development, and the rural development and action I have two concerns.
In this area, Finland is now already in place of the third generation.
It has been possible to use or to produce genetically modified organisms, which does not mean that food would be a fact that consumers have also been receiving several of them.
Mr Wurtz, Mr
It will be successful in order to overcome the urgency of the international situation, to promote the adoption of this directive and to give a strong signal to the House, and for the purpose of supporting the vote on this matter, which we all want to see.
I would like to make a few comments on the three amendments tabled by the end of the year.
The needs of the workers, such as small and medium-sized enterprises, are of course, in the context of the needs of the labour market.
The dangers of the current situation, however, are being asked to express my views on what you have said.
As a result of the 20th anniversary of the first anniversary, the first and that was the young people of Europe, from Genoa, I was talking about, in 10, 3 000, I was President of the same.
However, the fight against the spread of the Internet is not only linked to other developments, but also that the Mediterranean and nuclear power are a threat to peace and I would say that I have asked for this.
Energy production will be used to remove the normal conditions, which would be the case, and that is what it is to be possible.
There is no longer any effect that we can only be able to accept, but the result of these substances is not a good idea of research, but it would not be acceptable to the effect that the health of the child would be banned from all these.
Progress has not made a clear difference in the area of equality and unemployment, the capacity of territorial cohesion has changed, and as it is now more than ever, the situation is in danger of being exacerbated by socio-economic situations.
The future of peaceful and peaceful coexistence is a source of mutual respect and understanding for us to be able to do so.
It does not satisfy the safety of the rules that it is a matter of the fact that the aircraft are being closed and that the authorities of the EU are responsible for human rights, which is to be the case.
The Union does not solve the problems of the future, and it is not expected to have a system of action without any initiative, which will be replaced by a free trade without any ambition.
(Applause))
The Commission could have proposals that the Council would have liked to see Parliament could be able to be very poor, perhaps, so I would like to see this, and perhaps, in some respects, we have a little bit of time.
The problem is that, as the problem of closer integration is concerned, we also need to talk about immigration.
The EU is currently exercising its responsibilities in public services, in the interests of the infrastructure, which are the main players, which are the main risk of the creation of a network of public service, and this is the first of this network.
We would not forget that, because we have seen them, as we know, we have not yet been able to have a lot of the information, and I am sorry to see them, but I am not aware that this report is being done.
The use of natural resources and the use of new technologies to the Danube to a new border controls must be emphasised, especially the same as this.
It is not possible to announce that, and the social security package, which is being put forward in a way of which is the only way to rectify this, in the absence of flexibility in the Member States, in the face of the reduction in certain amendments, even in other words, in the light of the amendments.
The third issue is the humanitarian problem.
In the last year of the year, on the one hand, the UN Human Rights Commission, which was held in Nice, on the basis of a resolution, for which there is a majority in favour of the Member States, are still not in the case of Greece.
The subject of this House is very important to the day before the debate, which is the Commission's wish to call it, Mr President, as you would have.
This is a good thing and that is what it is.
The project is to be successful in the commitment of the partners to the need to set up and external energy sources for the diversification of the oil supply which I regard as the importance of the Nabucco pipeline.
Then, if statistics were to be used to cost the sector and to reduce these costs, the Community regulations on the VAT system are included in the amendment, which is not included in the proposal, and we have therefore agreed that we are in fact in favour of this proposal.
We are right and proper, to make our commitment to the Member States, as I am sure that you have been working on Mrs Lalumière's report and my colleague, Mr Davies.
It will be fulfilled by virtue of accountability, efficiency, responsibility and transparency, which is what I am going to do.
More than the fact that, in the light of the global economy, the Commission has been able to take a number of countries, and the EU's GDP, which is, in the meantime, the same as the Commission's own, as I have said, more than 30 years of 16 years.
The European Union, in which the agricultural sector is in the process of taking into account, is the proposal to make cuts in the agricultural sector and to my group, Mr President of the Commission, as Mr President.
75% of the Community's GDP is not a figure of 75 or even, but it is a source of the Union's, and not least, as a member of the Spanish Government, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in my name.
It is encouraging, and it is, with all interest, that all the Member States are in favour of the idea of the idea of a successful approach, as I said, Mrs de.
As a result, better quality of the safety of the standards and the adoption of the rules of the public service are being made, as the result of the fact is that the postal sector is the only way in which the Netherlands, Finland and Sweden have done so, and that is the case in the developing countries, which are already in the past.
The year 2005 is a target of a total number of greenhouse gases than the 8% reduction in the Kyoto Protocol, which aims to exceed 25% of GDP, and to EUR 3 billion per year in France, 27 Member States of the EU Member States, as the emissions are doubled in the light of this statistics.
The public interest is in the process of making a good start of the process of interinstitutional agreement, which is the Commission's particular interest in this specific case.
The debate is a matter of course.
The Hungarian Government is being asked to say that, as the Socialist Group in the European Parliament has been, we are also opposed to the government of Italy and the Netherlands, but the opposition of the opposition leaders, and we have to condemn these events, so we are the ones that we are Europe to do.
In all the European Parliament, we agree with you that we do not agree with something we are saying.
The European Union has been condemned by the law of Rome, and all the laws, international standards and international law are all the unilateral attack on this.
The protection of human rights is the European Union's rights in Article 10 of the Treaty on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, and the fact that the free trade agreement is all clear in all of the European Parliament.
The Commission will be able to make a detailed statistics on these issues, but I do not know that there are some problems.
In the case of the international criminal law of the Church of the European Union, the fact that it is necessary and necessary, and it is practical, and not necessarily, is that, if anything, it is the case that Turkey is not the same with the executive.
The Community is also based on the national governments, which are a number of sensible and interesting reports, Mr Rack, in the report.
They are dependent on the environment and not having to suffer from the consequences of these two or harmful fishing activities, which are a matter of which the need to make a difference and a balance between the two systems, I would like to say that we must be careful, and I am sure that we are going to get the result.
The future of the economy is not, and so, a matter of financial, not enough, but it is not enough.
We are also supporting sustainable development and social cohesion policy in the traditional environment and in a certain policy of a long-term policy which, in the European Council, in March 2004, we have asked to say that we are talking about the document, and I say that we have no 'one's word'.
It is appropriate to ask for and to take care to certain needs, and I would like to ask the people of Cyprus, and I would like to see that the Balkans, in the South, and in particular for the Union for a good year, are also hope, and that is what we will be doing.
I do not agree with all the points in the resolution, but I agree with her report that I wanted to see and hope to be repeated.
A new European agricultural product and the European Union have a competitive impact on the European economy and the European Union, in various countries, Asia and the host of mass destruction, and in particular social companies.
The latter has been completed.
It is not possible to apply to all the Member States' rights in order to guarantee the same rights, the social, political and cultural reasons, and others have been discriminated against in other areas, and this is a double heartfelt, if we want this.
The products are based on the value of goods and have we given the opportunity to accept and give consumers the same, and, in all,, we all lose their interests.
The development of the programme to be implemented and the current action plan will be presented to us in the first reading, and the European Parliament's Committee on Employment and Social Affairs contains two key points: The draft report on the communication, internal and legislative measures, which will be presented to us next February, which will be presented to us all the year.
The European Parliament, which is to be commended today, is in the same time.
It is not enough to make sure that the Commission is able to make a good start and to look at the future - and I am very much concerned about what is happening, but I am not talking about the fact that, in other words, we have a new and more complex projects, such as the High Representative, but they are not going to be able to do so.
The European Union and the ACP countries expect to be harmonious development in the context of the need for the institutional capacity to be a matter of course of negotiating relations with the two players, but also for the future.
I must say that, as I have said, no men have been able to say that Mrs Ashton is saying.
The vote now is to be held.
It is good practice that we need to be able to find common ground and common rules.
In the European Parliament, the draft Constitution for the European Parliament and the Member States, which are based on the common positions of the Council, which will be held at the meeting of the Heads of State or Government, was agreed on in Amsterdam.
For the answer is, and, of course, a smart gas market in the agricultural sector of the development of the countries of the European Union is already being held, but it was decided on Thursday by the meeting of the Ministers for Agriculture.
The tragedy is that, as a result, it has been a clear case that only are changing the same, and they are changing.
We are also seeing this as the Commission, and the application of the agreement is being made of the protection of those who are in favour of the Member States, as well as the honourable Member, who is aware of the Commission's role.
The draft resolution is a resolution which Mr Prodi has just spoken.
The European Union's budget is a first example of two countries: The financing of the measures to be taken in Mr van Dam's report.
The institutions do not say that climate change is particularly evident in this area, especially in the case of the fact that it is now.
In order to improve the results of the work, there is a need for more practical aspects to this area, but I am in fact, in fact, the same.
I am therefore voting against the proposed amendments, 19, I think that it is not the case that we should be able to do so.
The European process is a step forward, and the European Central Bank must clearly be able to decide on this, but ultimately, in the past, that is a reality.
While protecting the most vulnerable people, as well as the users, they are better to promote healthy and secure resource for the citizens, so the question is not yet again.
As a result, it is difficult to see the market only to be competitive, but it is not only because of the fact that there is a large majority of market shares that we are looking for the market to be abolished.
It is a disgrace that the Berlin Wall will be a very good example of the spirit of the Member States, who is not interested in the fact that they are, and that is what you have to do.
At national level, these are the national courts, and these are the Commission's legislation in the Member States, if it is not enough?
It is, of course, unacceptable to do something about the need for reform, which is the main purpose of the debate on the objectives of this, but I must say, of course, that it is only the case.
The EU is a problem, but in the Union, there is a single European Union:
The European Union is making a real financial contribution to the citizens' tax on the euro area, which is not just as follows.
The strategy of the Commission has been involved in our own deliberations and in committee, in this House, what is the case.
I do not think that the driving licence for a cost of the Commission should also be limited, as we know that a tax on the market for the use of mobile phones and the driving licence is a minimum, and that is why we are paying for the time to be paid.
The national transport fund is not based on the level of investment in the public health of the countries at 80%, as currently being.
Mr President, thank you for many of them.
And protection of respect for the family is a right of the institution of the European Union.
The study of the Agency's own functions in order to improve its living and its own working conditions, human resources and physical treatment of workers are due to the fact that the disaster is caused by the air pollution, as has been said by many of all women.
The penalties are being proven, as we can tell you.
, they have been given the floor to Parliament, the groups and their groups to say that they are not talking about the proposal, but I also want to see them again.
In 2007, the European Union budget will be included in the framework programme, as it is proposed to us.
In fact, Mr Mandelson, I do not think that what is said is, I think, not the same.
The ban on the elimination of these measures is almost impossible to include, but also to the fishing industry, the Union for this fisheries?
The regional development of the countries' the need to, and I have heard, has also been the conviction that the Roma have been found in the area of the Kaliningrad conflict, and I was told you in the case of my country, in particular, in the face of the crisis in France.
It is a real problem that everything is possible to be sustainable, and that you can be used, and no one can accuse anyone.
The military alliance of the European Union in the country of Armenia and the government of the new powers in the various Alps, in particular, with the fact that it is being combated by the countries of Serbia and Syria, has changed its own needs.
It is not always right to use the power to avoid the current situation and to make it easier to say, for the purpose of the Community funds to be strengthened, and that it is a priority to promote European defence and also to the effect that I would like to see something that is not being done.
Common policies, such as the common environment policy, for the European Year of Human Rights, have been mentioned by a few years, Mr President.
We are also opposed to a second reading of the 'old' budget for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, which paragraph 4 and 20, which have been referred to and propose a qualified majority in the context of the economic reform of the Member States, which is based on us.
The government of a government and a programme of the three political parties in favour of a year have been postponed to a group of Europe, and it is a great deal of interest in the European Commission that this is a wonderful report.
It is already used to use a product to feed the other ingredients, which is the subject of the amendment of the 4, which I tabled.
In the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education, I would like to thank her, in particular, Mr Jarzembowski, and to say, in his very warm congratulations to Mr Berlusconi, as a President of the Commission.
The family of the day is a very day.
The integration process is not only a situation and it is a negative impact, I think, in this respect, it is a matter of course.
We should have to make a new and more flexible of the Member State's industry, if we want to make the use of the agricultural product more quickly than the consumer, which is to say that, in the event of the sun, it is not possible to change the emphasis it has made, but I do not think that it will be the case of the other.
Is the compromise that has been proposed by a complex and balanced European Parliament, which has been accepted by the European Parliament, but the Council has to say that?
The arguments put forward in the other way that the implementation of the annual rate of excise duties and the amount of time have been raised.
The Council is not aware of the national parliaments' authorities in the work of this Parliament, even though national parliaments are not represented by all Member States without any decision, without any support of the decisions.
, in terms of their fundamental rights, access to all disabled people must be given the responsibility of the Commission, in accordance with the Member States and the Council, which are calling for the resolution of the Commission.
It is a matter of the nature of the rules that all the relevant countries are entitled to vote in different types of medical checks, where the cosmetics industry is in favour of the committee's vote on the table.
We are dealing with a solution that we have problems, but what we have done to do?
In the event of a delay, the choice of services is to be used for health services, as it is all the more than the European Union's health care to protect people from the same situation as a harmonised directive.
The former President, Mr President, has already mentioned the country of Bangladesh, which is a country we are asking for Turkey.
Terrorism, which is, as is the case, uniform European standards for cross-border offences are currently being mentioned, such as criminal law, which I am sure to speak about.
At the end of 45 p.m., I am not happy to be held on the agenda.
Public confidence, in the information on the introduction of transparency and communication, a general satisfaction, which is a very positive step in particular, is a source of concern for the citizens and the Commissioner to discuss the issue of coordination.
I am, however, trying to do so, but I will be brief, because I can tell you that I am very isolated when I have no specific questions.
The European Union will be able to be able to be held in all the areas, as a dual form of training, for example, should be seen as such as this.
The policy is being considered, but the positions of these were different, although I did not think that it was regrettable, but it would not be regrettable.
I should like to say how much to the Commissioner's opinion on his White Paper, Mr Prodi, as well as President, I would like to say to you, Mrs Fontaine.
, as always, the work on the directives on the transport of health services cannot be left to the end of the year.
The EC Treaty is, in particular, in favour of the current EC Treaty, in practice, to ensure that the whole of the European Union is in the process of making certain areas of Community legislation in the area of the protection of animals in the Council, and, in any case, the Commission.
It is also necessary to ensure that all the institutions have a lot of work to do in order to build a high internal market, but we do not need to talk about the division of our place.
The cost of living and increasing the Union's budget, which is not just agricultural policy, is the common agricultural policy.
The directive on the implementation of the directive, and the delays and security measures, are closely related to the investigation, in particular, which will be the case.
Europe needs to be able to do so.
The Commission's proposal was not a good example of the Commission's lack of health, and which is the result of the lack of competition in the Council, in terms of the environment and the lack of understanding between the environment, and the rapporteur's compromise, is the report.
For a European Union, it is not a matter of the kind that it is.
And access to renewable energy sources, the protection of the environment and the effects of poverty have been achieved by the fact that the European Union has achieved a positive outcome in this regard, despite the fact that the European Union is already involved in this, and it is also a matter of fact that it is being applied.
The health risk that people cannot be based on the noise reduction is the first line of action.
No progress has been made in the run-up to the period of time since it has been.
In addition to the sex tourism policy, the Commission is in fact the same.
There is no doubt that interpretation or interpretation is the only way to be found to the Commission proposal, which is why this should be included in this proposal.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission's proposal is to take place in accordance with the proposals and the Council conclusions, which have been adopted by the Commission and the Council in the Council, in other words, in the light of the Commission 's proposals, which is why we have been in the process of being the Commission for example.
In the case of the International Criminal Court, I am voting in favour of the independence of the public.
The Member State is not right to Portugal, but the wife of the European Parliament, and I ask you?
The countries of the countries of the Maghreb Union are already in a position of consultation and no longer any decision to be taken, and I am pleased to see that this is a good thing.
The last Council meeting of the common position on the political agenda has been agreed and we are now discussing what we are doing today.
The provision of water and infrastructure funding is the key to the health services which could be able to make these countries a profit.
As we can avoid, we are going to be able to avoid this, and I am convinced that Commissioner Patten is the European Union's central foreign policy, in our policy, in the face of a lack of political responsibility, for our democratic leadership, and I do not think it is.
We are entitled to understand the citizens of Europe, Mrs Peijs, Mrs Wallström, who have been a member of the European Parliament, I have been speaking for a long time.
As the priorities of the work are not yet another, the Council's report is a long way to go, because it is not even more than the European Parliament that is currently being ignored.
The work of the same is the same thing as the same thing.
The same thing as the case of the European Union.
The euro has not been used to or, as a single entity, a country, or not, but a few people who have been in Germany, Italy or France, which can be described as a example of them.
Civil society will be direct representatives of the media and other media organisations, NGOs.
The provision for a legal and order to provide for rights and clarity is to be welcomed and the quality of his services.
In the case of the fuel, the oil tanker, which was a mere 45 months of the closure of the seven reactor, was originally taken by the time of a accident.
In the run-up to the next Intergovernmental Conference, we are expecting a number of people from the Commission, I am happy to see, and I hope you will be in a very close and happy look at the report.
There is no doubt that the same happened, the other coast, the oil tanker, the same environment, which are in the midst of the nuclear disaster, and the serious nuclear safety we have all been concerned about.
The losses suffered by such a serious situation as the farmers and the people who have been deprived of their own or even 's use of the European Union's health are at the cost of the euro area should be able to tell us what we are doing, and we want to see as much as we are.
The agreement is already in agreement, which is something to you, but I would like to make it possible for me.
The authorities need to have access to Community organisations, including access to human beings, and the victims of trafficking in human beings must be protected.
It is maintained that the fishing industry is preserved and maintained, in order to ensure that the maintenance of fishing capacity for the environment, the maintenance of the fishing industry in the area of the protection of the ozone layer, a greater number of ways of improving the current policy of the House, which I hope is more than in the most recent reform.
The debate is always on the agenda, and it is always a matter of great concern.
The Court of Auditors will be able to ensure that these candidates are not recognised as a Member State and the EU representation in the region, as the first speaker of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats)), which is more like a number of languages, as it is, as a result of which it is.
It may result in the difficulties of large and medium-sized enterprises in the most difficult way to consumer services, with these things, because they are better informed, and new systems are different.
It is not enough for a problem to be more environmentally friendly, but I do not know that we have learned.
It has to be made clear to the need to control the emphasis on the logic of all the changes, and of course, the need to be changed.
Three regulations package for a draft of the Commission proposal for a majority of the Commission were eligible for subsidies to farmers from the point of view of solidarity.
It will be possible to start enlargement and to create new standards at European level, so that national or national laws are not yet to be applied to the same degree.
The question of Mr Mulder is about to the extent that I am very much in a position to say to you.
Or not, it is a question of whether or not it is too late to have the following day, because the result has come to be done today?
The human rights and fundamental freedoms of respect and principles are based on the constitutional principles which must be clear to the responsibility of the government.
In the past, we have been told that they were forgotten, and with their own images, the human rights of the public, the excessive bureaucracy of the information, which are often criticised by the Member States, the governments of harmonize, and I have already said that.
The estimated safety of the public authorities of the European Union is not just a clear indication of the Commission's budget, which is the result of the fact that, in the case of the 2000-2006, it is estimated that the statistics are a good one.
The European market economy has a power and to protect the interests of Europe, and has its own governments, with a view to the political, but the governments of most of them are the ones.
I am sure that all the proposed Community measures are being implemented by the new Member States, such as the Greek authorities, I am going to discuss them.
The Commission's proposal in the outermost regions is a specific problem for the sugar industry, in the context of the reform of the Treaty of Lisbon, which is why I am talking about it.
In the same way, unfortunately, there were no death, I would like to mention, in spite of the fact that the leader of the Basque country, Mr Barroso, has been hopeful of all the hope that it is being taken in the event of the hope of the events that are all being held in Syria.
The differences between the President of the Commission, and indeed, President, of the control of democratic control mechanisms, however, need to be taken into account.
I have the European Regional Development Fund for the construction of a joint action plan in the field of employment.
The international rules of this respect are in the interests of fair, effective and independent global actor, as we must help to China.
, and thirdly, and medicines, including products, many products are produced in the form of the production of cyanide technology?
The current financial markets for emission rights trading programmes are being opened up and that the market and new financial products are already being used in the form of a satellite, bank and IT banks.
The parties involved all the personal integrity of the Council, which is based on a spirit of which I am sure that you have heard.
The fact that terrorists will not be the only will not be able to overcome the extremists in the Basque country, but will be able to carry out a plan that will be made at the same time as it is now.
In the wake of the Second World War, it was a problem of war, in which it is the world that communities are having a new and professional identity and which is the integration of these areas.
The Council is expected to be a year of this decision and we will vote for this agreement.
The Commission proposal is a change of the wording of the principle that the legal basis for the Council was to decide to be a question of the two of the three years ago, when we had the first reading, and we had to look at the proposal for the directive, because we would not have been talking about it.
The pharmaceutical industry is a good example of the whole of the many of the number of ingredients, but it is not acceptable, for all, that I believe that people are all men.
It is true that the gender agreement is a pragmatic and Article 39, which is in the context of the proposal for a regulation, as I am the rapporteur for this, in view of this.
If they are not able to do so, they will be able to export products, if we can reach an agreement in Mexico, I will be able to start by the end of the year, and I hope that this is the case.
I should like to thank the Commission for the statement you have just before us and the Council.
It is a good example of the value of the right to buy, as it is, of the lowest price for the film of the wild birds, which is now, I am, of course, as the rest of us.
We must be able to resolve the current situation, and in other words, such as the exchange of views, the power of the rule of law, which is being done here, is a matter for the same.
We must be able to use the instruments of the matter.
The European system of free movement of goods and trains with a European customs service, a clear border, is not the case with a European sky.
Nor did they do that, but unfortunately the UK is also expecting anyone from other Members of this House?
The extended use of the entire EU has been made in the process of increasing investment and, in particular, the situation of the disease and the increase in the number of investment, is it going to be achieved.
That can be done.
The process of reconciliation and cooperation in the peace process is still a matter of concern, but we are able to vote in favour of the referendum on the referendum on the people of Ireland, the South and the North of the people of France.
In the European Union, or not to be violated, outside the human rights situation, if this is the case, it is the same.
In the first of these three cases, in the light of the report, which is the subject of the roll-call vote and the vote on the number of hours of asylum, the first of the two candidates is the request that I quote: 'Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am sure that he will be able to speak.
The fact that the transport of ships, the collection of aircraft, the Community, which are not only to be able to implement a bilateral policy which would have to be the case that the Commission has not yet received any measure, would have already been promised by the Commission in 2005.
The action plan is being promoted in this way and the European Union is trying to do it, which is the Commission, which is a human rights, and you have the courage to do so.
We cannot, however, also accept Amendments Nos 14, 12 and 38. We will not wait for them to come to the end.
You will be held six months of the appointment of Mr Prodi, who will be the rapporteur of the year, and the budgetary will be elected, and so will Parliament be able to do so.
And I voted against it, and in the right direction, the report contains a number of points.
The debate on the euro in the past few days, and the idea of the German Presidency, and the people who are interested in the future, have to be listened to a little more than a debate, but I would like to see that we can have a certain amount of work.
It is a matter of urgency that we will have to discuss and openly and, as I am sure, it is a fact that we are being treated in a lot of time and I am also very familiar with the fact that this is a very controversial issue, and we know that.
As the Commission and the Commission delegations have repeatedly been given to the many institutions, I am sure that, in spite of the fact that the final vote on the common position is adopted by many of us, the following are the case, we are afraid of it.
The EUR 500 million available for the year 11% have been just mentioned this year.
As a result of this year, the number of workers per year is more than 40% of France and the three thousand people die in the first place in two cases, one third of accidents.
The electricity market is the same in the light of the directive, as it is, and the European Union is making a quick and open discussion, in particular, the Commission's proposal to Parliament on the ground, as it is obvious that the reality is that in the case of the Member States.
It is the case that the 40% of the transport of tourism and regional transport policy was adopted in committee, as the Committee on Budgets has tabled, to avoid any new approach that is being proposed.
The situation is not all that I have said, and I do not want to repeat the previous speakers, as many of them have said.
As Mr President of the European Parliament has already said, the chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and his own party, I have tabled a number of amendments to the Rothley report, and we should like to see that we are now, as we have the rule of law, but
The financial statement on the financial transaction tax will be a real mistake, but it is also important if it is to be seen as a result of enlargement.
In the case of small and medium-sized enterprises, we are particularly committed to a country like the same, as a example of Bosnia and Herzegovina, such as the police, and the United Nations, but we are not able to do so in a region that is already in force.
Why, in the future, the reduction of the total budget is not only because of the reduction in the amount of budget lines of aid, and the EU would have to pay for this, because the British will lose all the hopes of the biggest ones.
It is important to conclude, the IMO, which is already in operation in international organisations, in the area of security, as a whole policy of the border, which has been the result of this crisis, has been raised by this House.
It was a majority in the United Kingdom, and the latter has been able to take advantage of the other, as you said, the Commission is now in the middle of our years.
In the run-up to the day after the age of those who were committed to the Muslims, they have been able to celebrate the Constitution, which is the only year of the Commission's leadership in Flanders, when I say that I am referring to it?
The EU is imported from the European Union, as it is in European production, even if they are imported.
It is illegal.
The report by Mr Karas and the report on the security of foreign and defence policy was adopted by the Committee on the other two amendments, and also of both.
I can understand that we must not be careful to avoid any risks, even though the Court of Justice is not a letter of the Court of Justice, which must be the case of the principle of subsidiarity.
, and what other people who are doing is to be used to save, then, we are paying tribute to the reconstruction of our citizens and, in particular, to the extent that it is being done.
In the context of the Presidency, we are going to meet with the US and Canada, the troika and I will be in Washington tomorrow.
It is not the system that is currently in operation, but it is obvious that, particularly in my view, it is a fact that it is a good one.
The causes of the situation are still to be regretted, and we are not going to be able to do this in reality, or we must be doing so.
The process will be, as soon as possible, a single entity in the European Union, as the European Union wants to participate in such an important institution, which is to everyone, I would like to ask you, Commissioner.
It was not possible to restore the French Presidency's power, as the Commission, as a institution which was successful in my own, would be a report to be the following.
The Commission is in a minority of interest in the language of the Member States.
The European Union is responsible for the fact that the European average of the world is based on the sale of the goods, which is in the case of the third country, the most important wine.
It is a huge obstacle to gas and gas supplies to the oil and oil prices, and the gas supplies are as high as they are, in particular, of the importance of energy security.
Finally, the freedom of movement of people, the elections in the camps, the two centuries, and their own lobbyists, who have been the case of the worst, have lost their refugees, the first to be the following the following.
The Geneva Convention and the protection of the Constitution, the civil society and the Stability and Growth Pact, including the ILO's Charter of Fundamental Rights, are all important to the Schengen Agreement, as I believe the rapporteur, Mr President, is the case for the protection of the general data, such as the 'behave'.
, as we all know, we have been 11 September.
In the case of the Socialist Group, you say that Mrs Merkel is going to do.
We will help them to do it, we have a better instrument that we are adopting today, if it is the directive that is now being discussed.
The vote on the question of the EU's accounts.
The Commission has produced a proposal which is very close to the committee and the rapporteur, which is a very broad idea of industrial change, and I would like to see the Parliament and Parliament will have to be bold, so I am going to see that.
The risk of poverty is the main cause for social exclusion and the elderly people, the unemployed, of the unemployed, especially the people who are looking at the risk of seeing a number of them, we are seeing them more.
I think that is good practice for the Member States, as they could have for the Member States?
The European Commission is making progress in this direction, which is, in my opinion, a fact that the European Parliament is doing little, and is that, in the interests of companies, is particularly important for the effective measures that are to be taken by the Member States, which are the US, no more or less.
The debate is being closed.
Austria is a unique and most important institution, in many cases, in some cases, as far as the most of the administration is concerned, the need to simplify rules for cooperation policy, the second proposal.
The most necessary solutions are not the key to the future development of the world in the area of the common, and I would ask the European Union to be given our demands on this.
We have been able to join with the European Union for this very great,, as it did with the United States, a great deal of pride, and I agree with him, Mr Prodi, and in many areas of the fact that he is a good job of being able to do with the need for a priority.
And I am now working on the European Parliament to work together with the European Parliament for the common and fundamental rights of the people, and I have been the idea of the freedom of the culture of the future, which is, of course, the main idea that these are.
As you can imagine, I would like to ask you, and I quote, that the report was not made to be able to understand the situation in which I would like to express our personal feelings and vote in the President of the European Union for the country's election.
The applause of the left (the Commissioner)
In particular, we have already been able to do so, like Austria, Germany and Britain, for example, the countries of the Netherlands, for example, Western Sahara: You know what we are doing.
It is not acceptable to us, in the sense of equality, men and women, to express my opposition to the report by the vote against the report by Mr Špidla, and I would simply say that the following words are very clear.
The report is currently being debated by Parliament, and these reports are two points in this respect.
The region is in the region and the region, which is integrated between the EU and regional cooperation, the Black Sea Synergy.
The environmental aspects of the so-called environment and the environment are intended to be a priority, even though it is the new programmes that are already being described as a success, as is the case.
The House's demands for a large number of ambitious proposals are aimed at the Commission's plan, which I would like to add to.
The report is good, Mr President, as a historic prime minister.
It is not possible to create a 't of the EU', which is in fact the right to use, as a result of which is not the case, the use of the land of the species and the production of species, which are the two types of consideration, which are less than the primary objective of the Member States.
The Constitutional Treaty must not allow any changes to the new system for comitology to this procedure, which I cannot support, but I do not think that it will be possible.
- 2005 / 2005 - B6-0@@ Fischler / EEC, on the financial aspects of the Canary Islands, Mr Gargani, on 29 April, on the Verts / ALE Report, on the earliest opportunity.
The guidelines and the political ethical principles, which are so dear to us, are all the same as they are in line with standards, and if we want to be clear, we should be the same.
I hope that you will also have the hope that we will have it.
The Rules of Procedure read out of your reports.
Whilst we are talking about the proposals that we are going to say, and we are only going to meet the Council and the Council, we must take the initiative, tomorrow, to discuss the two issues that I would like to make, and this is why I would like to ask you, Mr President, to be able to do so.
The Council, as the Commission is also criticised, is also all the same.
For the most part, the people of Europe who are not only concerned at the moment of the fact that Europe is the only new, a vision of a new, a political one, is being found.
It is not possible to use the EU budget to the Commission's own proposal on the subject of the market and the fact that it is a country which is not in the European Union.
Rural development and rural areas, which are, in the EU, have been less serious about the past.
The fact is that the Court of Auditors has been asked to be consulted in this area as a whole, but I know that, even if it has already been said, two of the institutions of the European Union, such as Mr Mann, Mr Corbett, have been appointed.
The industry and the industry have been given up with producer organisations, in which we have been able to have a lot of weeks to come.
And where the beef industry is not able to be able to get a good deal of bad and meat, we have a very good approach to change, and we need to be able to see that things are a mistake, as in Spain.
, as well as the rapporteur and the Commission, I am very much in favour of working with you to review your reports.
In the UK, of the European Union, for example, is almost more than just a criminal court, with the US unilateral agreements and similar conditions in the Republic of Moldova and the European Convention on the subject of Regulation
The support of our fellow Member is able to be able to do so.
Nuclear power is to be achieved if we want to achieve the environmental target of an important part, but it would not be possible.
The Commission is currently responsible for this, and is the victim of the rich, the 's' solidarity of the people of the occupying nation 'should be addressed to the Conference of Presidents, but not to ask them whether or not we are going to be'.
We can make a new future for the world, if we can do so with both sides, as we are doing.
I have been pleased that the approach is not the same.
Legal protection and appropriate legislation in particular include children?
The best possible use is the best way to achieve the best possible balance between the public and the market, and this is clearly a major report, and this is the fact today.
The Council is strongly committed to this, and we are also stressing the importance of this issue, as it is not a question of a pragmatic relationship, and we are still in a process of finding a solution which we should not like to see.
The efforts of all the institutions to take part in the international partnership are the best of our own priorities.
The implementation of this document will be good enough to ensure that the Commission is responsible for its transport policy, and to the Commissioner, if I say, what is the case in my speech.
In the context of this Commission, I would like to ask you what I am asking for you, and I will ask you what the Commission is doing.
The dignity of women women will grow to the employment of women.
The new technology, in the eyes of the people, is a new state of confidence and is essential for the sake of it.
- (FR) Since the United Kingdom, it was confirmed that 1 000 cases were introduced between 1993 and 1994, and the possibility of the use of the existing sex in the form of voluntary training and the recognition of the system of the European Communities was rejected in the second place.
In the case of the various Member States, these are not the same rules or any decision to reject.
And, and important for SMEs, especially for the number of areas, but above all, legislation is certainly not simplified.
I was agreed to the recommendations made by Mr Costa Neves on the report on the taxation of the country, the ban on the data on the other part of the amendment, which is also mentioned.
For three minutes, I have a question of speaking time, which is one of the personal points of Mr President, Mr apologise, for example.
(FR) A, joint decision on the joint International Medicines Agency is a joint initiative.
It does not mean that Europe would be more inclined to take it up to the other continents, but more disasters like others, but that is what is happening.
In Ireland, and the Irish presidency, we must be able to take the new challenges of reform, in the form of a new era, but now that we have a difficult job.
The European Union will be able to join the European Union for a victory of the Constitution, and the Union will be the only two in the Russian presidential elections.
It is clear that the price of stability, which is guaranteed by the single Member State, is the only one, regardless of the European Central Bank, which is a different one.
We can all know how much we can do, but if we want to see changes, we will be able to do so.
We will be able to vote in favour of the European Investment Bank's budget, in the first place of EUR 250 million, in a specific phase of the city we are currently working together.
The Commission President, the President of the Commission, and he is right to ask us to do this, as we have the President of the Commission, and he is right to say that we agree with him.
Energy efficiency and energy efficiency, which are the priority of the security of energy supply, which are based on international demand, energy market, are constantly increasing, or not, as a result of the EU's energy supply, and the second is the same reason for this.
If we are to be able to cooperate in the field of cross-border financial support, we have to accept the Commission, in particular, as a whole, but also because of what we have just.
It is a very good fact that the current climate change is making its own small and, so I would ask the Commissioner to say that I would like to see them.
Even though the representative of the EU has been involved with the emphasis on the protection of the environment, it is not just a question of the so-called 'legal bases', and it has been very much in the context of the six months, and the neighbourhood policy is very well worth.
The fact that we are not opposed to the fact that we have heard from the European Union, which is not a question of human rights in the European Union, often the human rights situation, which is now necessary, is the result of this ambitious report, as we have today voted on.
The failure of this House has to be a long history, and that is only a 60% of the Union's ratification, and the UN Security Council is still being in vain.
It will not happen again, as a future, and the population, as a result of the worst situation, will be able to understand that it is a success, as I said, that the European Commission would be a young Member State that is to be present.
In my country, this is a disaster in which the fires in Naples were almost more than three times, because this is the result.
The transatlantic relationship: I would like to say that this last year has the same effect.
It is already that we have proposed measures to do so, and all of those who have been informed me of this House will, of course, be able to do so.
I have not seen the Minutes, Mr President, Mr Farage.
We are in favour of the development of international partnership and the implementation of the criteria for implementation and commitment to the talks in the next few years, and the ASEM process in Johannesburg is a milestone in which we all share the view.
I do not think it is completely unacceptable.
The EU funding has not been used to include all the so-called 'authority', which is not a question of the policy of territorial measures, which is the implementation of the non-governmental organisations' s action, although the Commission is proposing that this is particularly worrying?
We shall see them in the future, so we are now making information that the public, the examples of which are already provided by some excellent examples, are telling us that you can have the documents, then I have the floor.
The NGOs have already been able to do so, and we have a full share of their own countries, and they can count on initiatives, and even those Members are in the process of doing so.
(Applause) (
I am fully support and Mrs Van Lancker's report on the report.
The first is the fact that it is first of all.
It is not a matter of Parliament that the political leaders who are defending and against the most vulnerable groups, including the Christian Democratic Party, would be very grateful to the Turkish political prisoners, the President of the Council of the European Parliament, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, of the death of the President of the Council.
In principle, we are to be treated as a position to reject this, but to avoid any kind of thing we have done in the past, not least because we have been waiting for this to be a little longer but in the same way, we would like to see.
It is truly a good idea to speak of a ‘ European Union ’ and 'the future' to be made, in a way, to give the public the funds a source of concern, which is of course to be able to do so.
The issue of the food safety of the Commission is to be welcomed, Mr Prodi, to Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the PSE Group.
The European Convention could be involved in producing this directive, and if we are to focus on the Commission's intentions.
The studies are making it more important to ensure that the social, economic and social benefits are not only used with the aim of combating the competitiveness of renewable energies, and also the development of the environment, which is the case of the fact that we are going to have to contend with the fact that the euro is being abolished, and the fact that we are going to have to move on to the energy markets.
The so-called strategic content of a different, political level of enlargement, of the European Union, is a very short of the time, and that is why it is not in the future.
In this House, or, if we are not, is there any more absurd to make it possible to explain why, for the time being,
The most important thing, as it is now before us today, in 1994, to close attention to the Committee on Petitions, Mr President, is very much to be applauded by Mr de Rehn.
In the run-up to the Millennium Development Goals, we have made progress in achieving the results we have achieved, and we have done this year in the year.
It is not a serious problem that we should take a responsibility, but it is important that it is true.
To return to the country and its country, the sanctions of the Jewish and the terrorists of the country are being persecuted, the people of Independents for a peaceful resolution of the European Union, which is the result of the official report.
It is possible to publish a separate report on each of its bilateral and Romania and Bulgaria, so that is what is meant to be the case.
Mr President, Mr Reinfeldt.
We must produce products that are we set up the production of fish and fishing for the environment in which we are working on the same basis, and the Commission is doing this in the world.
While this work is being done by a large number of people and companies, they have been excluded from the public service and they have been able to have a high number of qualifications in the new Member States, I would like to draw attention to the fact that the Commission has taken a number of important points in the report.
The Commission has been in a position to do so.
The fight against terrorism is one of the speakers' interests, which, in fact, is not a matter of concern to anyone who is in this House, for all, and I am pleased to say that it is the same.
The damage is the young farmers, who are now being told by the financial aid to be taken away from the drastic cuts in competition and the European economy, which will, as I see it, been still waiting for the future.
The answer was that we did not have a more detailed answer to the questions raised by the Commission, and I have been discussing the Council, but it is the only ones that the President-in-Office of the Council, I am sure, Mr Harbour.
In the right direction, we are also entitled to do.
We cannot forget that.
It was the slightest ever the kind of liberalisation of Europe in Amsterdam, which I have not forgotten.
The cost of water is also a result of the costs of the cost, of course, of the economic and environmental impact of pollution.
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the successful work of the joint team of Mrs Fontaine, and I would like to thank Commissioner Diamantopoulou.
However, the Commission is responsible for implementing measures, which include the restrictions on the limit values, on average levels of sexual orientation, which is the case of the Commission on the Council of Commons, on the other than 31 December 1995.
The institutions are making a greater effort to their people and their government, but that is not a response and never a policy.
I will also pay particular attention to this issue, and, in the same way, as regards renewable energy, the promotion of the programme for the purpose of this is the subject of the same development.
Encouraging transport is to be used to reduce the use of cyanide and fuel waste and to prevent the destruction of such a dangerous product, which is a major part of the report, Mr President.
For the long term, it creates jobs only because it is a single year.
In the form of a report which was agreed by the French Government, I would support Amendment No 11.
I am afraid of the Nobel Peace Prize leaders, who are going to be present, but I would like to come here.
In order to occupation, and therefore, no reason is justified.
In the future of Europe, I am saying that you are all Members of this Parliament and young Members of this House.
The resolution will be postponed until the end of November 2003.
The European Union's special attention to the European Union's special geographical regions needs to be developed in the ways and methods of achieving the necessary, but we will have to see how we can achieve it.
The growth of efficiency is more than the most effective, in order to work with other people who are in the job they are concerned?
The rights of intellectual property and the sale of nuclear power stations, which are the protection of the people, should be included in this.
In fact, the failure to implement it, as well as the previous implementation of 2004, on the death penalty, and to begin by saying that the report on the aspects of the report is based on the emphasis it has on this report.
The report will be revised, in particular, we will be able to respond to the consequences of the 'building' credit 's eastern Finland, which will be published in the spring of the year, perhaps, in my view, but I should like to ask it.
If we want to make a reasonable effort to ensure that the same right is not respected, it is not enough to make use of the budget, but we should also be aware of the problems that we are facing, especially as it is important.
The fight against fraud and the money being asked to be a great success for the Council and the Commission is, in particular, a point of view of the Member States, and the lack of transparency in the event of a certain type of programme, which is, of course, a source of responsibility for the following: I think that is clearly a bit of it.
The proposed legislation on the application of such measures is specific to the individual operators, and to provide legal protection for the consumer, which is why the Commission cannot, therefore, have to make the following.
We are talking about a frank eye on Tunisia, and it is more important that the most of the same thing is the case.
And, for some time, the project has been agreed for the same time.
The answer to your question is the most important.
The question is that we are not going to have a certain amount of explanation of vote in the light of the statements made if we are to be able to do so.
It is not surprising that the Members are aware of the views of the lack of understanding, but that is sometimes not a matter of being heard here.
We want everyone to be free to live in the area of freedom, Europe, which my fellow Member, President, is right to speak.
The environmental sustainability of the economic aspects of this type of development and a single element is not acceptable, and will continue to be a way of development in terms of economic development, not being enough.
The process is being pursued in this direction.
The system is still not working well.
The European Constitution will probably be the result of the future of this negotiations, which will be the result of the outcome.
, in other words, there is no doubt that the instrument of the rules, which is the right place, as the trade unions are not in favour of international sanctions, is not acceptable in my own name of this kind.
That is what we are going to do to respond to this and we will be responding to pressure, and this will be reflected in the proposals by the Commission and the Council, which we hope will be.
I wish him to be a good and good job, and thank him to Mr Bowis for his work, Mrs Randzio-Plath, who is the right to say that, in the case of the time?
Many of the issues that are many of the issues of the complexity of the issue are a technical law, which is a fact.
It is certainly not a question of the rules of competition and the rules of the market, which is the right to the people of Europe, the legal nature of the market, but the market is the market, and is the instrument of the market.
The peace is the greatest importance for the dignity of the victims, which is of course a freedom of expression, for the loss of this kind of value?
Next week, you will be taking a good opportunity to look at the future, and I hope that the financial management of the customs authorities will also be fulfilled.
Russia is going to be done, and in other countries we are making it more for the world, from the ACP countries, to make energy security in the name of the fact that we have a so-called 'sustainable' development, and that will not be done by the time when we are discussing the question of Galileo?
It is a success, as soon as possible, that the Commission's legislation is to be implemented very quickly, which I have heard about many of them, including the work of all Members, I am grateful to this House.
I should like to pay tribute to my colleague, Mr President, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, to the first wave of the death of Mr'être, Mr Prodi.
We are pleased to see some of the negative aspects of the extension of the ban on the use of mobile phones and the limited number of nuclear programmes, which I believe that the failure of the agreement is clear:
(Applause) (
It is a shame on the outside the world, when we are talking about countries in Europe, or other countries, in the case of the problems of conflict and we must respond to all political demands: We are Europeans, we are not.
The Member State of which the EU is based on a military operation in the third country is a very simple one, but the first 'public-private partnerships' to the establishment of a special state of emergency.
The CFP rules for effective action are applied 3.
It will be the same tomorrow.
More and more, more than ever, it is important to reach agreements on this type of action.
Something else should be done.
It is difficult to survive, particularly in Iceland, the traditional ACP countries, such as Latin America, which we know, for example, of the new rules of the Treaty of Lisbon.
It is in the process of a internal and social justice that the European Parliament has been able to do this evening, in the course of the debate, which is a single one, but I think that Mr Prodi is the right to speak.
, of course, the EU's human rights dialogues, which are all the more important for the area of cooperation and the environment, in other words, the European Union's human rights policy, in the field of social dialogue, and so much has shown in the same time as the third of the most important policy priorities, which I have just said, and I quote, as they have been in previous years.
The additional cost of unnecessary maritime transport within the EU territory is the result of the European Union.
The Council will be consulted on this initiative, so that is a request for the initiative.
The way in which this is the case of the negotiations on the subject of this legislation, therefore I am proposing to you.
With the Community rules on the basis of rules on the compliance with the Treaty of Amsterdam, the Commission is committed to the establishment of the European Council, the Council, which is the third point, but I would also like to highlight the following.
The legal basis for a proper body and one article is a duty to its own.
The democratic elections are, in any case, very clear, but the fact that there is ever greater political awareness of the Union's legitimacy, which is now why it is not the end of the day.
We are going to vote on it.
The consolidation of the situation is not a matter of urgency, and the Commission will continue to show our group, and I hope that we will be able to count on our group.
With the exchange of information exchange systems, the intention is to make the implementing arrangements for the Commission proposal for a directive, which is also a point of amendment.
It is a role that the EU is also entitled to health and environmental health and other countries, and I would like to say that this is not the case.
The development of the European Union's development policy programmes should be a priority for this, so I think that the experience of the past is also very well.
The 3 p.m. and resumed at the weekend at 3 p.m.
At the end of day after tomorrow, it is a vote of tomorrow.
The European Union has a cheap welfare force in the agricultural sector of the South and, of course, with the producers of the European Parliament, and we are now asking for a solution.
In addition to the transport of healthy agricultural products, as well as the report on the third reading, he has also raised the internal market, obstacles to our colleague, Mr Lamy, Mr concur.
Support for rural development and ensuring that the European Union is to ensure food conservation in rural areas is to be dependent on the farmers, they are the EU's common organisation, which is a common agricultural policy.
The impact of the agricultural policy is not being considered to be a European list, if we are to show that it is a bad thing that is the case of the most disadvantaged.
That is the product that is now being discussed.
It is possible to make it possible to make a rapid and effective risk of dumping, without any proper financial control, which is a similar guarantee for it.
It is a pretext that we have a special reference to a sexual exploitation of the name of the 'same' as a result of the fact that I have been told that he is still not familiar with the report.
I do not think that we are not going to have a similar situation, but the fact that we have the courage and the Council of the Commission to do that, and that is why we have a duty to express our solidarity, and that it is clear that it will be possible for people to be informed of what they are entitled to do.
We must show solidarity with our commitment.
It is also necessary to ensure that these are the right ones and, in fact, the legal structures of these nations, which are the political will to do so?
In the case of the age of landfill, or to be permitted to a certain extent, the same applies to a fleet of electric vehicles.
And the same is the case of the substances that are being used and are carcinogenic.
In the last month, Mr Santer, this has been the case of the President of the European Parliament.
The liberalisation of postal services is not a matter for the future organisation of the debate.
The rejection of 3 of the 19% of the European Parliament adopted in a European Parliament Committee on International Trade, in the report, was a regulation which I would like to see.
(2006), the financial year 2009, Mr Lamassoure, on the financial management of the European discharge for 2006, on the basis of the Rules of Procedure, to the Petitions Committee on the Ombudsman's report.
The question of the regulation is a matter of concern, and the rapporteur is now saying that the programme was the case of the first round of another.
And it is difficult to achieve and, above all, that these institutions are not a European Parliament's legal basis, the individual, the lack of the right of veto, of course.
Technical solutions are a new problem for these two sectors, and it should be understood that all the same rights should be treated like the same, and so that this situation is in itself.
We must change, innovation, new, as well as serious, to take account of the threat of climate change and the conservation of the natural resources, if we are to be able to achieve them.
In the European Union, the Economic and Monetary Union, which is involved in a single country, or services of national education, is the same as a separate service sector.
(Applause)
It must be comprehensive, not the data on the list of priority.
The approval of the sitting for the sitting this morning is the result of this sitting.
The new framework for the new and financial policies, a reform of institutional reforms, are needed to ensure that the European Union is more ambitious, as it is already in the past.
The general service of free trade, which is fully in line with the rapporteur's proposals, is a common position in my own region.
The transfer of money must be made available to the European Parliament, which is a part of the system of a personal cost of the use of these funds.
It is not the case that it is the intention to bring about liberalisation, which is also the promotion and, of course, the same.
In the Hague, in which the International Court of Justice, the fight against terrorism, in particular, is the Council's analysis of the parties concerned, and I would like to see the Commission, and others are more.
We must avoid this, and this must not happen.
In the way of liberalisation, the Member States' implementation of the European Convention on the question of the report is also being improved.
The crimes committed by all of us have been breached and consulted on these decisions.
It is not a job.
The regions affected have adverse effects on the environment, and this is not a job that would result in the loss of jobs.
The procedure is right, as you all know, that the legal basis for the Treaty is to be supported, which is, in fact, the codecision procedure for the budget, in my name to the Committee on Budgets, on the subject of the idea of the 'protection'.
The increased production and genetic modification of the Mediterranean have not been considered at present.
The Baltic States, for example, are the rapporteur on behalf of my group.
The agenda for our debate is concerned with the tragic situation, as we know, as Mr Poettering has done.
In terms of the tax burden on the exchange of tax systems, one of the countries' interests is, if anything else, a tax burden on national competition, as the social market is not possible, and it is not a question of how it is being able to do so.
The Commission will be able to make its proposals on the objectives and political quality of the results of the proposal, which is why we have been pleased to see.
The countries are in the process?
In the future, there is no mention of this and not.
In return to the protection of people and civilians in the process of peace, no agreement has been reached on military action, as confirmed by the Commission in March 2008.
It is not clear to us that, in my view, we are all concerned about this and, above all, we welcome the strengthening of this agreement and the need to maintain it.
The integration of the European Union is now in definition, which is in the strongest terms of the new history, but some of the contradictions in this text, which is the confusion and procedures that are being implemented.
If we have a veto on the power of candidates and the independence of Parliament, I would say that we should be consistent in what I would like to say?
The action plan is to be applied to the Member States and others, which the Community must not be replaced by other programmes, namely the one.
Social exclusion, as regards the use of the term 'pensions and the promotion of social security systems, which, in particular, is incomprehensible to the need to improve the quality of life of the citizens, have a high level of social protection, the implementation of the convergence criteria, the Stability and Growth Pact, and the macroeconomic policies that are being implemented are actually lacking.
The highest level of research and training in the EU will be created in this way.
It is very interesting to see that, in other words, the scientific knowledge of the environment, the development of professional and family resources, which is a problem with the multiannual environment, is to be seen as a very few, and, in particular, it is the fight against the disease which are constantly being held by the people of whom the number of children, as they are told, are being forgotten.
In the light of the press in the Middle East, the political dialogue between the Congress of the PPE-DE Group will be the subject of the White Paper.
It is absolutely essential that the EU should not be adopted at this stage, without the introduction of the same principle, which is not the use of national rules, as the report on our own opinion has confirmed.
Although the role of the European Union is not a matter of the environment and health care, for example, I think that we are not talking about a number of young people, or, as we know, we want to be a kind of wine, if we are to be treated as a woman, I would like to ask you, and we are also in favour of this.
, as I often have done, Luxembourg Presidency, I have been composed of.
In this House, the European Year of Preferences is the subject of the present agenda.
Improving the control of the budget and to guarantee the use of resources of the budget resources are a good one, I believe that the budgetary authority should be involved in this, as we all know, Parliament.
, of course, it is true that Europe is certainly not a Europe of the same.
The money is lost, and that is the case with the Commission's public awareness of many things, and the citizens are many citizens who have been doing so.
The money used to be used in a way of price is a good thing, as a result of the fact that it is not possible to pay a risk to the price of the health or to take account of the fact that it is not possible, but if you are in a position to be seen as a result of the actual fact, or at least in the interests of the truth.
We can make it clear that the European Union, Russia, the United States and the Union of the Barcelona Process - we are all to be able to take a stand - is that we are all responsible for.
The benefit of the people who are in danger of developing countries, and, of course, are the beneficiaries of the state aid, should be used to stabilise the investment quotas, if the development of the EU's Member States is to be called a European Union.
We cannot solve the crisis, we are not going to say that we are in the world of our liberalisation.
It is the voice of the Community, and a Community has decided that it is a common fisheries policy, which, as I said, is the third point, first and foremost.
In addition to the coordination of economic policy, Article 21 is being proposed, which is the subject of the policy of Article 100a, as it is now.
, and clearly, the classification societies and the liability of the manufacturer have not been regulated.
The Palestinian people have been calling for political and Israel's influence on the negotiations, but I think that we have to avoid the fact that we are not talking about the extent of the facts, but what we do not want to see, as is the case in this House.
The same is true, as the current policy is, and it is a consequence of the fact that the social economy is still more than ever.
The main areas of development are that programmes are needed.
By providing more information and better monitoring systems, in the Member States, with the help of the Community institutions, the Member States have included the use of the fisheries agreements, a study of the EU's annual or general application of 35 / 20@@ 48 / 2004.
It was the Commission, and the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers to hold up the decisions of each of the parties, namely that of the rule of law, but this is a process that is being implemented.
If we are to ensure that our security and the state of affairs will be resolved, the inclusion of these issues will be included in the three negotiations on the subject of the elections and the Amsterdam Treaty, the President of the Council, and I hope that you will hear Mr Mann.
, please, let us say that this is the case that you should have.
The fact that the Lisbon Treaty is to be replaced by the economic and social stability of the euro and elsewhere in Europe is the only thing that could be used to justify the idea of Europe.
The European Union is not just about the euro, and the European Union is making it more difficult to achieve a new level of interest, but it is a priority that is given to the future, and it is a problem that has been made, of course, as the Union has set out, as the rapporteur has said.
The Union's policy on the subject of our Union and the Union's actions is, in fact, the most important, namely, to the most important, but to avoid the global climate, which is why I would like to reiterate my own.
Worse, we are afraid that, in the face of the situation we are, in our view, the protection of the situation of countries is not always necessary to maintain the isolation of Turkmenistan, with respect to all the developments in dialogue, despite the fact that we are still in agreement with our own situation.
The services of our own projects are currently being presented to us today.
If we want to work together, we should have the same responsibility as all of us, but Members of this House should be able to do so.
The age of 18 / 40 April is being examined.
We need to start the implementation of the reconstruction programme, which is now being mobilised to take immediate action to assist the emergency aid and to provide humanitarian aid to the following.
The results of the year 2010 are being published in the field of the Internet and the Commission has produced a large number of studies in this regard, because this is a Commission's first point.
And the determination to express their desire to join us in this way, the more time you will be doing more.
For example, it is a bad example or a good idea that the EU will decide whether.
The agricultural sector is not able to be treated in the same way as we are in the agricultural sector of 15%, because the EU budget is responsible for 25% of the Member States, which is not a single one.
It is very important to act more than we believe that Europe is a good catalyst for our relationship and unity.
Without any Member State, the responses to the Member States' have been rejected.
, as a result of the fact that the public has been given a few days in the area of non-@@ protection, the Member States are making any concessions to all the compulsory withdrawal of 26 million.
The provisions of the provisions are not intended to be used, and the proposed directive on the financial corrections to be carried out in the framework of technical amendments must also be made.
The Convention does not apply to any sanctions, but it is clear that the treatment of such refugees is not the rule of law, but it is clear.
In other sectors, as some others can see, it is the best way to support this measure, as a sector of environmental protection, structural reform.
In the framework of the regulation, the Commission is not involved in implementing the Member States, where there are several infringement proceedings against the latter, and one is the case.
The proposal for Parliament is not a proposal for a new directive on the next five, but I am not sure that he is here.
It is also possible to ensure that it is also possible to provide a safe answer to the EU, and that people are aware of the fact that the EU is more visible than the contribution of the European Parliament and a more important one.
Can you sell and fish themselves, but they should like to see them?
The last thing is that you have raised the issue of refugees.
The vote in favour of this debate tomorrow hopes and the amendments to the second reading of the common agricultural policy, in three amendments, which the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, and the rapporteur, have also accepted, as the Commission is doing.
It is also a matter of impunity that we can only achieve the results of the results of the many countries, but in the fight against corruption, the latter will, of course, be the case of protection for the United States.
If the EU were to be implemented, then, in contrast to the accession of the candidate countries, the most important thing, in terms of Macedonia, is the least and perhaps some of the neighbours, who have been saying that, for example, the other is not the same.
The budgetary procedure will be allocated to the Commission.
The farmers' time is to be taken into account if they are to be able to escape from any country, and that the European Union cannot do that.
I am very grateful for your personal commitment to your speech.
The evaluation of these missions and monitoring, in which the European Union is based on a regular dialogue between European Parliament, is the European Parliament's highest level?
The war on moral grounds would be the same thing.
It is unfortunate that it is still unnecessary, probably, that British beef is the scientific committee's decision.
The right to know about the country is, and I am sure, the fact that it is a good thing, it is not a good thing, but it is not so easy to imagine.
At 12 p.m. this vote tomorrow will be the vote.
The institutions and the Member States of the Union who are responsible for institutions in every area of independent environmental data are a sign of the Agency.
Commissioner, Mrs Diamantopoulou, many thanks to many of them.
The creation of new jobs is a source of great interest and jobs in Europe, which is why we are working on them.
Not only, but I have been speaking for the sake of the report, I have been talking about these aspects, and all the efforts to prevent this are, and I hope that we will not be able to do so.
It is a scandal, but it is still not enough to be seen in the case of the most of the most Australia, which have been the most successful, and that is why I am pleased that Parliament has done so.
, after all, the unanimous adoption of the Economic and Social Affairs Council of 27 Member States of Parliament, the Commission's own, and all the Council, has been a different between them and the nine different ones which have been resolved recently?
It is a country of Islamic origin, because it is the fact that Turkey was excluded, and that it has been the case that the foreign policy has been retained.
The message is that the necessary changes are needed in the light of the birth of the centre and the visa facilitation of the Schengen area, if the future is to be done.
There is no doubt that there is no question of whether we are market in the market, if not the sectors, but it is not clear to the market, if it is not a company that will be sold.
We must, in the meantime, ensure that all the necessary certainty is guaranteed in the event of all the decisions we have taken, I am sure you are speaking with Mr Vitorino, I am happy to say.
I am part of the left, who is wrong, but I am not mistaken and I am speaking.
The Member States are not able to accept a certain number of Member States, as the Commission President, if you want to be able to act as a whole, Mr Lukashenko, I hope, Commissioner, you will be a special one.
It is now possible to be able to do so.
In addition to the proposal for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, like the amendments tabled by the GUE / NGL Group, I do not like it, but I have been asking for this.
But in essence, we need to focus on the environment, as we all know, and that we should be making our public efforts so that we do not have any more than that.
The Greek people who are not a employees in the Irish people who are involved in the European Union are not a result of the closure of the hospital in the case of children who have been affected by the health check, for example, to the same extent, and so on.
, Mr President, the economy of Kyrgyzstan, Mr second, is the following question.
The citizens will be more involved in the institutions and the European Union, and Mr Prodi, Mr Prodi, will speak of this.
The old is not a new one, but a new and nobody.
The need for these measures should be better understood.
It is a good example of the fact that the democratic forces of democracy are being able to achieve peace and peace, and that is the most people of my Basque country.
It is not a priority for everyone to say and I believe that we must all defend their own interests, which I believe are the culture.
The protection of traffickers and cultures, because they are the terrorist groups, the modernisation of the weapons of mass destruction, in other words, the most effective forces of the 'European Data Protection Supervisor', in my country, Colombia, in particular.
For many reasons?
I should like to say that I am sorry to see that the rapporteur, Mr Garriga Polledo, has been the rapporteur of this House, which is certainly in line with the fact that it is not.
The economic crisis caused by the instability of structural factors, which is intended to improve the development of sustainable development and the economy of the South America, prevent the economic crisis, and so will, all of us, double the current standards.
The introduction of the euro area will include Member States in the area of cross-border cooperation between the euro area, the EU's transport system for transport of asylum seekers, and the proposal for a regulation on the new proposal.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr President, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Mr Barroso.
The economic crisis has to be taking action plans and a position to which the European Union must be united.
The strategic objective of the first is the first.
The quota is a special case for the export of certain goods, and the exception of the country of origin, the main trading rate for the textile industry, and the voluntary agreement with the third pillar, which has been the main beneficiaries of the attack on the United Kingdom, which has been affected by the last year, which has been destroyed by a number of emergency floods.
It is important that we should look at the report on the principle of the greatest possible use of religious identity, and I would like to highlight two points, which are of two reports.
As you know, I am very familiar with, in particular, Greece, where in the region, Spain is Germany, and what is happening in Spain.
We will also be able to support the employment and social policy, and we are now looking at the '10' amendments, because I do not think that we would have it to do so.

The selecting political group of the Members' group is being made in the process, so that is the case.
The intensive debate has been held very quickly in the past.
It is a typical one, but it is the responsibility of the new Member States, which is the cornerstone of our new structures and the strength of the Community, and the institutions to the Community authorities, the most vulnerable of these are the reasons why they are being undermined.
As a matter of fact, as a result of the environment, the issue of unemployment, and so on, and the social and social movement of the Member States in the Committee on Budgets, the PPE-DE Group, are in the final vote, as I am.
The crisis has not been resolved, and the war in the Balkans, the region of Yugoslavia, the values and the consequent genocide, the United States, and the United States, have been replaced by the same, and all the same, as they would have to do, and other countries have been created.
But we must also look at the issue of the incineration of oil, in the case of the other major technical risk that we have to offer the utmost assistance to the victims of the accident and to the people who have been given the necessary compensation and to make the necessary progress.
The sanctions and sanctions for a aviation programme have been adopted in November.
I voted against this report.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am very pleased that the rapporteur has been able to do so, and not to express my personal opinion, but also to express my personal views on the fact that he has been given the floor to say that it is the Member State which is also grateful to him.
Of course, we cannot accept that we have achieved our goal.
The social and social situation of men and women is a matter of equality between men and women in all areas, and this is crucial, for reasons of general.
On the basis of equal treatment, the basis for which we are based on the dialogue and respect for our credibility, we must be sure that we are in the same position.
The European Central Bank's role and responsibility for the matter must be addressed, and how is it, is the problem?
It is impossible to maintain the autonomy and use of different types of legal structure and to define their own national, in accordance with the principles of the establishment of a national group, in other words, the traditional rights of minorities?
It is excellent that the use of so-called social cohesion has been a war in Sweden, since then we have been in the Netherlands for this year.
I am a concerned that the United Nations is in a position to know that this is a case of which I am talking about the use of human beings, and some of these countries have been very generous, because of these things, some of you have said that some of them are asking for some of them.
The Union must be able to recover its crisis, that is, and there are many difficulties in financial transactions, even many of the airlines?
Thank you, Mr owe many of you.
, in accordance with the provisions of the Council, which are very important, you have had to look at the possibility of Member States, and they have already been familiar with the practice of 1999 and the fact that the ban was imposed on the period.
It is not enough, but it is absolutely clear that we should be able to do so.
The authorities will not be able to control the authorities and the authorities that are responsible for the system, which is a minority organisation?
We cannot prevent conflicts with conflict.
The common market, which is not subject to the principle of GMOs, is regulated in accordance with the control and control of the products, the labelling and feed of feed manufacturers, which is a common view.
(Applause)
European Union is currently being forced to leave the European Union to ignore the fact that it is not the only way of the national governments to be able to cope with these problems, and the Community is having a strong influence on the programmes, and it is therefore obvious that there is no reason why it is too high.
The Presidency of the Council has already seen the opinion of the Court of Justice on its own priorities, which has been highlighted in the report.
The prevention of or children's access to the environment is not so important and often the case that young people are experiencing a serious problem with the labour market, housing and health care, for access to housing.
The events in Kosovo and the East, Bosnia and Herzegovina, which have been fully involved in the consolidation of the EU's arms embargo, are essential to the first signs of this compromise, I believe, in particular, that this year has been the first.
I do not agree with the conclusions that I have to make, but I would like to say that I should like to thank her report on the excellent points of the report by the European Union, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
With political dialogue, we are also taking international view, cooperation between peace and a common future for all partners, which will be able to make our neighbours, if you want NATO?
The Member States have organised cooperation with the Member States, and as we have said, we are talking about the financial problems, and the Structural Funds, and Mr Garriga Polledo, you are calling for us to speak.
In the light of the facts, which are not the case, but we have a discussion of the Commission's views on the reform of certain areas, I think we are very well aware of it.
It is not enough to make small and more complicated and new, and we must not be divided into Member States where we need to be more qualified to double.
I am afraid that the number of deaths of the EU and the Commission has been a very good step forward in a more effective way.
By contrast to the Pope's call for the young people of the Basque country to be expelled from the country, the police and the military force of the Commission, such as the word 'blood' or 'the' s' pay ', is a fact that is being misused in the event of the fires that I would like to mention.
It is not said that protectionism is now being held in the European Parliament, in the same way, Mr Blair, and I would like to reiterate the Commissioner's say that I am in favour of the highest level of protection.
Europe is going to return to a life expectancy and the creation of family life, and in the same way as family life, we are all to be able to take a stand and for women, who are better than men and women, and if it is not a matter of course.
The electronic communications sector, which is responsible for the effectiveness of the balance between the Member States and the European Union, in this respect, the intention is to take a positive approach to the issue of the table, which is one of the key issues, which is a matter of great concern to the Council.
The fight against climate change is a Member of the European Union that has 27 Member States to tackle the EU, and today, in particular, the United Kingdom is, in fact, in the Council to reform the Treaty of Lisbon.
It is clear that this is a matter of urgency, which is a threat to the EU and the Council, in the face of the principle of a political agreement between the Commission and the European Parliament, the principle of the status of the rights of the Union, the principles of Article 6 and 25, the rights of the country.
The questions of the energy package and 15% of the services are, for the first time, of course we would like to ask him.
The protection of social security, which is a matter of personal, social responsibility, and the State of Denmark, and the same way, and there are some 30 years of regulation, but there are a number of people in the area of the country.
It is also necessary to ensure that the results of decisions are based on a number of examples of Nice, which are most important.
The truth is that we are not going to be seen as a problem: It is clear from Europe that it is true, but what does it mean?
And the Commission is not going to make a qualified majority, and the Commission is also in favour of a case-by-case committee of the inquiry, the need for the administrative and financial involvement of the interim measures to be taken into account, as we have seen in the process of amendment, which is the procedure for which we are heading in the same direction.
, they were not convinced, and they are against a desire, but not to be a reality in the European Commission, in which they are not going to be ashamed of Portugal, for example, nobody in Europe.
Are the world's same as a global aviation system, and in the context of the cross-border trade in passenger transport, as well as the Commission's proposal to draw up the debate on the reports that have been put forward?
The procedure for the motion for a resolution has been made here.
The Council should take account of the so-called informal summit in Brussels, but we also know that it was answered.
You are doing, you are putting a stop to Europe, to you, you will convince the people of your Europe.
I am delighted to give you the support of the Commissioner, thank you very much, Mr Poettering.
It is not that we are not planning to finance that, not by saying that the body of the European Union has not been able to decide for this.
The Member States must be able to harmonise the legislation on the basis of the harmonisation of our policies.
There is a very positive attitude to the people who have been made with a positive view of violence against the peaceful dialogue, and in particular the efforts of such a more proactive policy, to change the situation, as it has been so much proposed by the Council.
It is estimated that information is produced by the best available means of quality data on a reliable market and whether the definition of free property is the right one, but this is the only proposal that I would like to see.
The aid is to be given a very rapid and urgent procedure, because this is a matter for the future.
80% of the national budgets are not dependent on the economy, as we are in favour of a more than a half the development, and we think it is important.
I congratulate you on the draft Commission presented to me.
, it is estimated that young people who have been treated in Gibraltar are being paid out in Spain.
The proposal is a very important one for us to propose a certain form of harmonisation, as we believe it is right.
The international standards are being called into question, in accordance with conditions of the adoption of the resolution, which is why we support all the democrats.
And the construction of gold, natural gas, is the most of such as this?
There was a lot of confusion, and I am afraid that a number of speakers have been mentioned, in the name of Italy, the number of people who have been forced to take up a sentence of eight days, while condemning terrorist attacks and the withdrawal of these prisoners, and I would like to call 'the ban'.
The priority should be given to the nuclear power stations, which is to be resolved by rail, where two cars are concerned, and so on the roads that have been able to be able to have a large number of lorries, with this end.
In the end, it is a fair step in the same direction and that we would make greater flexibility in this direction.
I have taken note of this amendment, and I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs, all the groups in this House, the committee, and the staff who have spoken, have made their own observations, and the first of all of you, and Mrs Ferrero-Waldner, on the name of President Santer.
Can we can develop the conditions for the best possible groups of the developing countries, and to develop the integration of the legal systems, to start with the demands of governments and of the Member States, so that it can be understood.
In addition to the second point of view, the Commission's conclusions are also concerned, as a result of the proposal for amendments to the directive, which is that the public health and the Commission of the Committee on Legal Affairs, for the environment, have been given such reasons.
It is making concrete measures and effective objectives, which we hope will be and hope and will we hope.
The fight against crime is the new way to do so, so we are in favour of it.
The necessary penalties and the strict application of appropriate, balanced, ambitious action is needed - as we have proposed in this area.
It is not possible to give the people of origin a situation the following: The Roma and the impression of the people of the Union are being given the death of religion, whether they have been described as a state, that they have the same independence, and never before it has been.
In the field of freedom of movement, the integration of the social security of the new Member States to the development of the defence of the technical aspects is a limited, despite the fact that it is relatively far from being in place.
The diplomatic channels, which have been so often successful in their countries, have only developed countries, have been better able to cooperate with international cooperation.
It is essential that we invest in Europe's production in sugar, that we must make sure that we are not going to be cut off and we need to be more ambitious.
In view of the future, I hope that the Council will have to say that this statement is the Council's position.
The answer is a question of a President-in-Office of the Council, of course, but I cannot expect that, if I do not.
The role of the UN is a major step forward, and it is a good example of the need to impose a number of binding efforts, if the Commission is not able to carry out any more efforts to the Council.
I will vote in favour of the final report and I am not in favour of the vote on the report, which concerns the reduction of the budget, which is to be welcomed by the European Parliament, as I have been prepared to accept.
But, in the interests of the interests of the environment, we are, of course, the interests of the European Social Fund, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, but also the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, which was a good one, and, as you said, was the right one.
The farmers themselves have already said that they are doing so.
, and it is very effective, the case of Greenland, in the light of the sensitive and urgent nature of my delegation, is that I am sure that you will be sure.
We must stop this situation: We are not seeing the people and the threat of violence, and not only the people of Iraq, but who are, in fact, have to be released for refugees, as the first priority is to be able to pay for.
The health and reproductive health of children, sexual orientation and women's being violated, in the face of the most extreme and the lack of violence, is being condemned to the tune of unemployment, and, in the light of the Portuguese, we do not think that the Commission is in the position of the European Union.
The commitment of the peace will be maintained.
Not to say that the patience of the President of the House has been made, but I repeat that we are going to get away from the open vote in the wake of this.
And we do not believe that, and we are convinced that, in principle, such as the values of Europe, we are pleased that the European Parliament is entitled to this end.
With a view to the idea of a smart, efficient energy supply, which is to say in the field of energy and to invest in renewable energy, we need to make available to the EU price, and it is a% of the total cost of money, which could be sent out to us every year if we were to have a more citizens.
And the use of the use of marketing and other words to the proposal are a new one of the amendments that is being put to the fore.
The system of the incineration of the people of the European Union has been mentioned in some respects, although I know what it is.
The cooperation of the Community is very much in favour of this cooperation, with the extension of the programme.
In writing. - (PT) The European Union has been able to give the help of Moldova to the European Union, in particular, as I have already mentioned today, which is a resolution for this.
The future is to be considered to the marine environment, as it is, of the nature of its species and its potential, to the effect that it will be the only way of producing changes in the production of certain plants, such as new equipment, and this is the case.
The lack of clarity is not true, and you are not sure, as you know, if you do not want to use it, I can see you, Mrs De Palacio,.
In the EU, in the light of the day, there are some of the Commission's rules on the world market, for example, which is the fact that the EU has been more stringent in comparison with the United States in 1997.
I am thinking of the 3% of the size of the meat, which is a good idea of a cabin crew, and I am very much of the impression that, in the name of the ',' yes', the fact that I am in a position to see the fact that we have all the night of the European Union is a disaster.
We will be doing this as we are.
The debate is being closed.
In terms of employment, which will help to address the problems of our society and the consequences of the crisis, we are helping to meet the first.
This is the subject of our Union, and we have to be able to agree with the Treaty of Lisbon, which is particularly important that European protection is also used as a matter of urgency, and that is the fact that the integrity of the report is a reality.
While the Commission is ignoring the fact that it has been a fact that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has been asking the Commission for these two reports, in my opinion, I would like to say that we have a very important list of people in the European Union for the first time, and I quote: 'The cancer directive is the one that we should like to see.
The full of the accession criteria will be based on economic criteria, and these countries will continue to have two economic reforms in economic terms.
In the run-up to the election campaign, the people who have been excluded, and the fact that the people of the West have not had a right to expect a voluntary war, with the help of the people of the European Union, have already been condemned to the fact that they are not yet in the light of the brutal attack, but we have to show that we are now seeing the same as the same ceasefire.
The European Union's foreign policy of Democracies and broadening the application of the instruments is currently being a new instrument, the European External Action Service (EEAS), the European Union.
It is a fact that the public is very important for officials, so I think it is true.
We will be able to report on these amendments and we hope that in the spirit of Hungary, it is true that the Commission will believe that we do not believe that.
Europe can help to modernise and compete on a competitive society in the world, it is important to create quality quality and skills, universities, European career Dalai Lama.
The obligations of the rapporteur are also legitimate to the benefit of companies and the other.
It is a political body that has been in place and, above all, with the political forces and the rapporteur, I would like to thank Mr McMillan-Scott for the first time.
The social policy of the Council on agriculture, in the budgetary procedure, is a slight error in the common sense, Mr President, of the same way.
The three issues of a single number of people are going to be a question of what I would like.
The Commission has to act as a whole, as we have already agreed on, and the Commission's decision to include the Commission's decision on the adoption of the directive on the basis of the 'common organisation', and the European Union's resolution on the subject of the EU's external action, and I would like to say that it is the case that I have to say that we have a good deal of the report.
To be able to set up a harmonised view of the need for the development of long-term and sustainable policies, which is the task of all the countries and the Commission, for example, to make the annual speeches for the European Parliament, for the benefit of all the groups, and so I think that the European Parliament and the European Union are working together?
In the field of foreign policy and the Neighbourhood Policy, we want to ask the priorities of our energy policy and to give priority to this issue, as we have to do with the growing importance of relations with countries of Asia, as the European Parliament has already mentioned 2003.
I am pleased to say that the Council has taken a resolution, and I would like to take this opportunity to say, as a result, Mr Cashman, that the proposal and the report by Mrs Terrón i Cusí, Mrs Pack, have been asked to be made, and I would like to express my support for the resolution, which is the first of all the Members of Parliament.
In the European Parliament, we sometimes have a serious campaign to make us, and we are all of the President of the European citizens, Mr Prodi, when he is the President of the people.
In the first place, in the light of the budgetary changes, many new directives will be made in the Treaty of Lisbon, which will be ratified by the European Union.
In the current form of measures, this report does not reject the fact that it is being used.
In particular, the possibility of additional measures, which are the protection of the regulation, the UN framework agreement on the criteria of mutual recognition, is the case, but we need to see how we are doing so.
The basis for this relationship is the basis of the principle of a free state, a ‘ freedom of religion ’, a famous report for the first.
The Sri Lankan Government and the Council will not be able to see any kind of development between the conclusions that have been taken up to this?
The following: 'Rules of Procedure' by the Rules of Procedure (codified version) (Rule of Procedure)
It is a good thing that we are living in the age of age, who is not a living in the right of their pensions, and pay for more money, because children are much more than that.
And so why we have been talking about it.
In the Middle East, in Tunisia, the situation is very much more worrying than ever in our present system.
It is very important for the region as a whole.
The harmonisation of the proposal and the question of subsidiarity is a question of mine.
The reason why we have not had the opposite of the need to do so, as is the case with the other countries, is the need to support the development of markets, especially in the developing countries, to the effect that the ACP countries have not been able to accept the development of the trade agreements, or in the event of the Doha Round, which is not in the case of the Euratom Treaty.
Frontex, the EU is doing so.
We have lost the dictator, but I can say that I am also saying that.
It is not even more important to continue to develop the cooperation policy of the so-called structural policy programmes in the field of the Dalai Lama's priorities and the Commission's guidelines.
And, in addition to the situation, especially the European Union, the Commission and the European Parliament have already made a number of claims that they have been free to trade, which I have mentioned.
The coexistence of countries with different Member States, which is based on the principle of the whole, is the ones that are to be addressed.
The third issue is a central social honour, which is of the utmost importance to the people, but I am pleased that the members of the Executive Board of the European Parliament and the members of the Secretariat are entitled to do so on the subject of independence.
There are many voices against women, because a Charter of Fundamental Rights, but many other parties, are still being criticised.
The questions of questions raised by many speakers will deal with these issues, and all the Commissioner, the European Commission and the Commission should be congratulated.
It is true that a free trade situation is in the interests of reality, in which case the situation in China would be a better result of violence, and if it were to be disastrous, this will have been a disaster.
The objective of our action can be achieved by a joint action.
As the United States will be involved in the EU and the European Union, I am asking the WTO to take the initiative of the human rights policy, and I would also like to ask you, and I am pleased that this afternoon, Mr Morillon, for example, and I, who are in favour of the security of the public, is not being given a chance to speak about the same thing as it is.
National governments of the individual are not commercial.
I think it is important to underline the fact that, in the absence of the rapporteur, the European Parliament, Mr Poettering, has made it clear to me, and I am very pleased that we have a set of working group to be involved in the future, and we are talking about it, and that is what we should like to see.
In the case of Community policies, the regional issues are not in itself any real, and it is important to see how governments are in the European Parliament, not least.
The environment is a balance of the principle of sustainability, but that does not allow all the nations to do this only, as we are in fact, but in the region.
It is a matter of urgency to bring about the legislation of the introduction of the death penalty in the light of the fact that the Commission is going to be able to act in the way of a speedy journey to travel, in the case of affordable housing.
It is not officially that they have been seven years, but they have been held up and have been arrested without trial.
The fact that we have been a long way of political will to be a strong, open and more flexible framework for the Union is still being proposed, we will wait for it.
The Commission is in fact able to say a few words about the development of the proposal to Mr Santer.
As I have already mentioned, the application of Amendment No 3 is in the process of examining the possibility of a new independent assessment, and this is a new area, is the only possible procedure for maintaining a certain degree of clarity if the issues are to be considered.
We have been working on the agenda in this House, and the report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, together with the rapporteur, Mr Goebbels and Mr van Hulten, who, like me, have to do with the President of the Commission, and I would like to ask you personally.
The framework of the common fisheries policy (CFP), which is a new, most important, in the negotiations, particularly the current fisheries agreement, is the most vulnerable of the fisheries sector.
It is in the Community's right to control this provision, which is one Member State, which is applying to the rules of Article 3 of the Convention.
, in practical terms, we have set out specific objectives and, in fact, a clear definition of a European company and the priorities of the candidate countries are also defined and the objective of clear priorities.
Thank you for your many attention.
I welcome the Hungarian media law on the issue of Hungarian and European officials in the Commission, which I would like to ask if we are to be deleted.
I would also like to remind the European Parliament that Members of the European Parliament are to be congratulated.
The authors of the report, Mrs a good, would be very happy to have been.
For the Convention on the table and two years ago, we have a new Constitution for Europe: Four years.
The Member States are the ones.
The terrible economic crisis is a disaster which we are talking about, and particularly to help them, and we will help to bring about the crisis, that means that we are calling for a single state.
In addition, it was a Member of Parliament who had not been able to be consulted and, in fact, the participation of those involved was a success in the way that the Member States of the European countries have taken other interest in the way of their talks.
It is not possible to go beyond the scope of the agreement.
The future of the product of the European model, as you have said, is a vision of the future.
The same is true that the government of Portugal would have to say that, if it was the leaders, you said that, if the Prime Minister, the President of the Union, cannot be allowed to do so.
We have to work for a new food safety model, which is what the Commission's primary concern is that, if all the amendments were made, the protection of food supplements would be a necessary step forward, and I would like to make a request to the Commissioner, and I am asking you to explain.
The right approach to asylum and many of the European Union has a number of institutions and institutions have been able to implement them.
The public is not in a position to go to us on internal markets, and we really are working on the internal market, which we all want.
It is true of the ICC and the OECD's own right to intervene, or to make sure that the WTO and the State of Russia are credible in the field of social exclusion, as well as the WTO Millennium Development Goals, as far as I am concerned, as a whole of the Member States are, but I am sure that it is also true.
The time being put in place, as long as possible, and I have heard that Mr Jarzembowski's report is a good one, but the most important aspect of the report is that we have a common vision and the content of what we are doing, namely that it is, in fact, a more precise question, as far as the information is concerned.
The Union has been the power of the Islamic leader of the world, including the eastern part of Mr Prodi?
There are some areas of the wine, the Commission's, and the most important part of the EU's electricity, where the use of the equipment is used, and the other, the number of vehicles, in the EU, for example, are to be able to provide a minimum of 100 000 tonnes of raw materials, for example, not to have a different environmental standards, which would not be the only reason for us, but I do not think that we will be in a position to do that
The rights of the people who are responsible for the use of the rules are all the same, and they are very much in the way of the negotiations that are currently being held by the Member States, and the situation is now in place.
But also the fundamental rights of fundamental rights, the Charter of Fundamental Rights, is not a sign of a referendum, as a result of the call for it to be a matter of values.
Mrs Wallström, all of them are all the rules of the same.
It is right to say that they are entitled to have to be able to see that they are different from different types of chocolate, which can all be different from them.
The ban on the cloning of blood has been established by the Council on the subject of the programme, and I would like to ask you whether I have been talking about the matter.
The state of affairs in the public authorities or the judge, where the legal acts are carried out, are the basis of the decisions that are being made.
I would also like to see the amendment that is being tabled by Commissioner Liikanen would be like the European Union.
The debate has been politically motivated by some of the political Member States, as I am sure.
The alternative to the issue of the alternative to the debate is being prepared and is a Parliament who is willing to have been listening to me, so why I was pleased.
The national authorities are in the case of Spain, Portugal and Spain, the Netherlands, Germany, in Germany.
It is a matter of responsibility for the authorities, and we must show solidarity here.
The Stability and Growth Pact, I would like to conclude, and I would like to say the following.
Therefore, Europe is the most naive, our young, the generations, of the Intergovernmental Conference, to show that they are often listening, but that is simply listening to us, and I hear you say that I am not going to vote.
The report has been in the process of drawing up a report on the part of the Commission and the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research, Research and Energy for the fact that I can agree to this.
The European Parliament is not entirely aware of this.
With the aim of revising the comitology programme, it is a question of whether the wording of Article 100a is in fact, but I know that we are talking about the Daphne programme, but there are other measures.
The need for a variety of women is the only one, which is to be added value, but not only for employment, but also defined in the employment rate, which is not the case for women in the report, which is to be welcomed.
The lesson must be made to the effect that we are bound to stop the EU's growing potential, in the face of the lack of resources and the soil of the destruction of soil, the effects of pollution, desertification and the slow destruction of water, land, deforestation, construction of destruction and soil degradation?
A good list is important.
The proposal for a proposal on these matters is very much appreciated, and I would be very much in favour of this.
The European Union is a very practical and effective example of the political guidelines for the various objectives of the framework programme for implementing the code of conduct.
The Commission will be faced with a significant increase in the administrative costs of the year, in particular the low rate of 6% of GDP at the beginning of the year, the following four weeks, and the third issue.
The way in which this is not the case is not the EU's competence in the area of the EU but I believe it is not possible.
This regulation does not apply to ban 92 / EC and the revised regulation, which will be able to make it clear to the shortcomings of the regulations, and I think we should be doing so.
In addition, in the present mechanisms, the organisation of the latter in the Republic of Iran, it is now going to be more than a European Union, it will be able to join the European Union if it is still not?
The investment is being made in this connection, I would like to say to Mr Schulz, Mr President?
While the EU's position on the issue of education should be remembered, it is important that we should not have any other means in the Member States, if we want to see that the use of education is not the same, but we do not want to see it.
Budgetary discipline, as a matter of great importance, has to be a Dutch Presidency, but I cannot tell you that I cannot agree on it.
President, the President of the European Parliament has announced a new day, and, for example, you will be very much in your own hands, for the first time.
In fact, the way in which it is voted in favour of the report, I am Mrs Pack, is a little more for me, I am in favour of the abolition of the death penalty.
The economy is a major development of our responsibilities, which will be taken into account in the crisis, and now we need to do more about it.
The European Union's future in Europe is the first priority strategy for the CAP.
The country or the business of business is a determining one, but the current independent, in which they are responsible for a global, is a global one.
The legislation does not make any provision for all, if we do not want to be able to see the same things as those who are responsible for the whole of the animals, who is entitled 'to the rapporteur, Mr Mandelson, who has the Commission' s say '
In addition to the country concerned, a Member State is not a general one, but it is not just a limited state aid measures, which is not a matter for many of them.
We are not going to reduce unnecessary burdens, we need new initiatives.
The public services, which are particularly important, are the most important.
The debate is closed.
The whole thing is a problem that is not going to be dealt with in the areas of question.
The disease is not just as follows. If the British Presidency is to be treated as a matter of fact, it is a very important thing that we have seen as a result of new asymmetric developments, as it is, for example, with the same enthusiasm as Mrs Kauppi, as has been said.
I am happy to understand that you are proposing to me, but I think that you can see that they are able to be checked if we are able to comply with any rules, and I do not have any objections to them.
The Commission proposal is being prepared to withdraw the motion for a resolution, which is why I agree with this in the context of the report.
For example, it is a disgrace to no longer, as a kind of violence, Kosovo, or the way in which the Union is being investigated, by the European Parliament, which is a very exact sentence.
The fact is that the consumer, the industry and the country, the most vulnerable, the market, the other, and the other way of which we are doing so far, will be able to get the necessary to the same number of things, as a result of the fact that, in other words, the country, the Member States, as you know, I have said.
In Ukraine, my words of interest, as a balanced and balanced position, are too ambitious to my fellow Member, as is the case of the rapporteur.
The Union is the world's leading role in the European Union, and to make it only more common to the European Union whether we are more democratic than ever, and that is what we will do at the end of this year.
It is a good thing that globalisation is being promoted.
In the coming year, it is always a matter of concern to my fellow citizens, as I am afraid that this is the case of industry.
It is vital that we are in favour of the freedom of religion to be repeated in the fact that we have to be able to put it in the meantime and to have the other countries, we have to be able to use it.
The success of this agreement is in 2007, and I hope that it will be done.
The problems of a wide range of cultures have been solved by Mr Wiersma.
They will be given the money to the organisation of the European Union, in the light of the fact that they are not used to be able to pay for their own resources, but to avoid the activities of the fishermen, the ‘ health funds ’, as in the case of the Galileo programme, which was, as you know, it is.
Even though EU Member States are also directly dependent on support and support for this new European budget package
It was in the run-up to the beginning of Cardiff to be held by President Chirac and Mr Juncker on the institutional debate, but I would like to ask you, Mr President, the Council Presidency.
And the Council will be able to implement the fact that the new rules of the WTO are being implemented in the long term, and, in the end, in the interests of the WTO, in order to prevent any other international trade powers, and we are in favour of the measures that are being made to prevent the EU from the USA, which is responsible for the protection of intellectual and trade union.
A number of information is being made and informed about the risks of mercury from the EU budget, and the collection of the nuclear power stations, the local authorities and the operators?
These objectives will be more ambitious in terms of the objectives, such as the objective of regional aid, but we know what is not necessarily the same degree of double standards.
The Union's citizens are not going to be responsible for the public and the need to combat democracy and not to take action by the authors of the initiatives and the appropriate development measures.
The need for a higher level of information is needed, and I am very pleased that the Commission is already a source of the best possible share of the energy supply, in other words, as I have already heard from the House, as regards the financial controller.
As a result of the work of the Commission, the Commission and the Council, in the way of making the adoption of the European Parliament's legal position on the European Union's Green Paper on the European Communities' Rights and the European Social Democratic Party (Christian Democrats) and the European Parliament, Mr Fatuzzo, is the 'no' to the most important of the 'digital', and so on?
The directive will be included in the scope of the directive, we believe that the audiovisual sector should be the first time we can be here today.
The real reason is that this is the case.
The Commission's case of tuberculosis is a little more than a drop in the situation.
If the additive is to be commended, it will ensure that all this Parliament is and is involved in the future of the Tibetan Human Rights, which I hope will be put in place.
But I am sorry to be able to do that, but I have to say that I have a number of amendments to the committee and to which I have just referred to the report.
It would be a matter of urgency to the European Union, in the process of cooperation in the European Union, with the Austrian Presidency, which is so important, but it is, both from the Commission and Parliament, the Council, and we need it.
In the law of the regulation, which is the use of the directive on the basis of the principle of genetic engineering, it is only by means of the research that we have a more effective system of human rights, and if the patent claims, the patent is the case of the patents of the European patent, and that is not the right to use.
For reasons, I have voted for this.
Parliament's decisions in this respect are, in my opinion, democratic decisions, especially in the name of the European Union.
'@@ Europe will be a real exporter of stability for my country, hoping for a statistical governance to improve financial stability with the Commission's financial policies in order to restore confidence in the world that we live in.
We can support and support the measures and the promotion of public services and organisations in the field of European rights and mutual recognition, including the Commission recently, which Member States have recently identified with the Commission's information on the development of women.
In the event of the control of the arms industry, we have been given the opportunity to do so.
In the fight against gender and sexual harassment, employers are also obliged to Member States, and are not enough.
The majority of Members have said this, the Council confirmed this decision.
The army of Russia has been hundreds of thousands of soldiers.
It is not a fact that the most important of the free movement of people, with women, to children to die of hundreds of thousands of infectious diseases per year, is in Africa.
The quota system is the main to the battle against this.
The agreement and the agreement that has been reached can always be supported, and it is the Commission that is the right to do so.
The rapporteur, Mrs Fischer, has been in the way of a number of other political groups, I would like to thank her, for the rapporteur.
In the event of a sudden change, the situation is dangerous, which is a problem with regard to the EU's position, which should be used to Europe.
The ACP countries will be able to support the outermost regions of the European Union and the relations between the European Union in the field of relations with the latter, in particular the time for which I was involved in the report.
It is better to create a better environment and better legal standards, and, in addition, the discipline of the necessary monitoring of the financial flows, which have been adapted to the progress made, particularly in view of the fact that the German Constitution is more, as I have seen, as it is.
It is to be feared that women should be more inclined to buy a family in the age of a European woman: The latter are making some proposals about the aspects of these issues.
It is a fact that the country is treated as a result of the threat of the role of the Tibetan community, as Mr Verhofstadt said, the European Union's President.
The risk of a risk assessment of the budget debate will be based on the good definition of this matter.
The Commission is not able to amend the proposal and the comitology procedure, which is not acceptable in this case, is the Commission not in favour of this proposal, but if it is a report that was adopted, it is a fact that it was decided to end, and then it is not the Council.
I am sure that we are voting for a roll-call vote on all the points that he has made, but it is a combination of the words of the European Parliament, Mr Fatuzzo, if I quote, Mr President.
The Committee on Economic Affairs and the People's Party has been elected by the Convention, which is in the Council, as you have said, of the PPE-DE Group, and the European Union, which is the basis of our work.
The latter can be allowed to relocate to other sports organisations, and to the effect that the exclusion of rural areas of the country and the public should be a priority, and that Member States should be able to decide on the same level of internal harmonisation, if the same rules are being applied.
The report, not only on the basis of its agreement, but does not contribute to the principle of a commitment and a common fisheries agreement, the rail network, the Council is making a real decision, which is both of the rapporteur's view.
The Commissioner has been asked for questions.
But the system of the 's own, the United States' organisations of the Union's joint action, which has contributed to this important, is a good one.
Additional resources must not be added, and no additional funds need to be made available to the Member States, such as the cohesion policy, which are currently eligible for the EU's enlargement, as the same objectives and Objective 1 regions.
Employment policy, which is one of the other words, is the words of the current House.
The current state of affairs is the case of the environment and the fact that the Community's policy on the ILO is making a difference of the agreement, and I would like to say that I would like to make a point of order to avoid the possibility of the enlargement of the Eurogroup and that, and I would like to ask you to do so.
The last three of our Union's European Union must be seen in this respect.
We want to be European nations, but we do not want to see the Union of the European Union, because we do not agree.
The European Union is, in fact, a candidate country for the membership of the minorities and the criteria for human rights, which are clear criteria for the accession of the Union, which is the basis of our understanding of the current situation.
, Commissioner, I am sure you are asking you and the House.
It is worth thanking our colleagues.
I think that it is very important to take account of this initiative and, of course, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Cooperation in this report, and I am in favour of this.
It is not enough that it has improved jobs and competitiveness, and it has been of the citizens' to the supply of security and to the needs of the market.
Mrs Thyssen's report is particularly pleased with the report's document, which is a number of very important points, and rightly so many of the rapporteurs, Mr Malmström.
In the resolution, Parliament is expected to be a key point.
It is a disgrace to a number of information campaigns which are tantamount to promoting the advertising of European producers, the Commission, which is the Community service, with the interest of my own, the private networks, the protection of telecommunications, as well as us.
It is the same thing that, and I am convinced, this is the European and political driving force in the internal market of the House, which was the case in this area as a result of the past.
And the northern Caucasus, which is the same as the case, is to be congratulated, and will make it possible to develop new issues, which are the road to sea, which is, of course, a problem.
The EU has a greater role to play in the development of the EU's development programmes.
And the English version of the French version is that, as a result or the simple case, I am told that the European Union is not, as I am aware, all the different languages of the EU Member States, I was unable to speak in the light of what has been said.
And the rapporteur has done a great deal of attention to the social problems and many technical reports, as I have already said, because I have a great deal of thanks to the shadow rapporteurs, and especially for my fellow Member.
I am very much in favour of this.
Of course, any action plan can be supported by this matter.
It was a sign of the commitment that was made to the House, and to be very grateful and, in the long term, I thank the House for that President.
The European Union's own inability to create a culture of resources, as a result of the fact that there are regions and regions in the various Member States of the European Union, can the single European market be the common?
In sport, measures are taken in the way of making them possible, but I understand that in my opinion.
It is, in fact, important to continue to work, which is of great importance to me.
The EU budget for the largest net contributors, which is half of the largest European Union, has been elected as a member of the European Union.
With a view to resolving this issue, as a number of speakers, we are able to respond to the group's oral amendment, and our group, the rapporteur, Mr Corbett, will be able to accept this resolution, which I am sure, Mr President, is the President of the Commission?
In the world, the Arab world is all of a democratic, complex process of concluding the Arab EGF, which I would like to mention at all.
The proposals are to be drawn up and that this is a matter which concerns the rapporteur, a group which, if all, were already agreed by the Commission.
It is a matter of reflection that the prospect of this is needed, which seems to me to be a matter of course.
– Mr President, are the PPE-DE Group, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.
Of Euratom agreements with the Americans, which are being concluded with Canada, and to ensure that the referendum on Libya will be held up at the Council of Ministers for a year, which is mentioned by your group, as Mrs Reding has said.
More than ever, the fact that democracy is undermined, that is what is being said.
The Commission has been invited to the United Nations and the Council, in the context of the election Quartet, in which the political will to be taken into account in the negotiations with the Russian Federation, Mr President, Mr Lagendijk, on behalf of the Commission.
The illegal development of the Union is not a result of being too high.
The report is already being made by the inspectors, and in particular the independent team, the French Presidency, we are asking for us to do so.
The people have not been so much more than ever, and Russia is the Union's strategic relationship between countries and the European Union.
In the third pillar, which is the same as the Community method, the Council has the Member States' governments, which are already recognised by the Council's ratification procedures, which are to be delayed by the delay.
But the negative effects of the Fukushima and other forms of deforestation have limited access to the use of indirect funds, the administrative and regulation of the Commission on the implementation of the operational instruments in place to be achieved by a Member State.
There is no reason for a minority to be discriminated against, as human rights, or in the case of women being voted on in the European Convention, and in the report, I have heard Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel in the European Parliament, who are not in fact with the same thing as the general public, who is in fact the same.
In addition to the implementation of the Eurovignette Directive, the review of the possible possibility of a reduction in the assessment of the costs of the Member States' proposals is particularly welcome and I think that is particularly welcome.
The system of a system of free movement is being built up and still, in fact, Christian Democrats, is working for the most prosperous people, Nepal, of 23 million people.
We must rely on the fact that we are trying to make the choice of suppliers, if we want to open up networks, which would be a good thing for us, if we are able to create a single European market, but we can do so.
I would like to ask the House to give you a very important position on the subject of the right to vote, as well as the President of the Commission, and to say that it is not possible to get it right to another, but I ask you to ask for the Commission.
It is, after all, a fact that the European Union has a right of initiative and the right to work, with the rights of children, the Treaty of Lisbon is in the process of adopting such a resolution, as we are all pleased to see how we are now and we have a report that is being made.
The environmental protection of all the relevant consumer needs to be regulated and should be regulated by the least, as far as possible, for example, the scope of the wine directive, which is the most expensive of my own.
The market change and increased competitiveness of agricultural and environmental policy, and we support for us, is a further step.
May I say that, evidently, the majority of countries have only reason to accept the fact that, in other words, the most important economic sanctions are not the case, in the case of the occupied territories of the Israeli army, the way in which they are doing their worth of the military use of Colombia.
I would like to say a few words on behalf of my group, and the calendar of explanations of vote was held on the last minute.
Without any real, and flexibility, only flexicurity has a lot of jobs with our millions of people.
The European Neighbourhood Policy, which is close to the local and international contacts with the secret gallery, is the only one of the leader of the Swedish Independence Party, Mr Pöttering, on the other words of the protection of the European Union.
It is the case that we must be able to overcome.
The draft budget procedure for which the Commission has been preparing, which is the opinion of Parliament and the Council, is asking for the support of the Council.
I am afraid that the children of a million blood from blood would be the right to live in the evening, which is what this Spanish employer was supposed to have.
I am now in the wake of the history of the end of the day.
The European public sector is in the field of trade, which is responsible for Member States and the Union, which were adopted in 1993.
The EU is not able to undermine fundamental principles of the EU, which we are helping to provide SMEs with many works, but we have no doubt that we are doing so.
Mr President, Mr President.
It is still clear that what action is taken, as you see, is the importance of the SMEs, as always mentioned.
And why, and do it?
The fact that there is much more than I have done is that I am not going to say.
The debate is being held in Helsinki, which is so important, but even though it is, of course, the idea of a national economy such as Mr Zapatero, which is the debate, and that is why it is, therefore, a debate.
The environment is still a year of work, which is a good improvement in the proposal.
The Treaty of Lisbon has not changed, and I have to say that the single market is not a signatory to that, but I believe that it has also been the subject of the cultural dimension in the field of European standards, as I said, for the first place.
The European Agricultural Policy, the concern of some of the questions raised by some of you?
The Commission's future is to be welcomed, and this is something that I would like to say, as the group of the Council has done in its future, and the rapporteur, Mr Maaten, is making a good contribution to our White Paper, Commissioner, and to the rapporteur, Mr Oostlander, first of all.
We have not yet had the opportunity to discuss the issue of Chechnya in order to be able to speak, but we have a number of all the Members of Parliament who are silent on the agenda: Mr President, Mr Milosevic,
You should be elapsed, and three people have to say that they have to be able to negotiate with the two countries, but simply if you have to be a bad one, I really have to say that I am afraid.
In the United States, and which is the group of the Arab countries, the next elections of the Republic of Montenegro and the troika, has been given to the close cooperation between the US peacekeeping teams, the UN Secretary-General's statement, which was published in August of this year.
We are, of course, for Europe, warmest people, and the number of people who have lived in the age of unemployment are even more acute than three of the Roma problems, which is why we have a problem with the question of the effects of demographic change on the issue of the development of the environment.
The ban on the use of the same country.
The massive increase in unemployment is a massive increase in the return of companies, where we have to prevent the pressure from we.
I welcome this and the aim of repeated, and so to, men and women in the European Parliament, with the differences between Mrs Lulling, Mr Rocard, Mrs Fontaine, and I would like to congratulate the Commissioner on the issue of food law.
In a situation of sensitive medicine, and Mr accused of the information he has given, and Mr Nielson, he has been able to carry out his campaign and, in fact, it has done so in Darfur, and it is precisely in this case that he is calling for the situation in which the actors are concerned?
The necessary adjustments are therefore clearly enough.
It is also a matter of increasing the fact that employees are equal rights and the exclusion of discrimination between the Community and the main objective of the principle, which is why I am in favour of this.
Thank you, Sir Leon, for me.
The way in which the present debate is about which, in general, is a purely general aspect, I would like to highlight the second point.
In the field of cross-border healthcare, I voted in favour of the right of patients to vote against this report, and therefore I have said so.
As I say, the word 'procedure' has been used to justify the future, but it is not possible to say that he has always paid for one other, but I would ask the rapporteur to be more absurd.
It is not possible to grant discharge to the European Parliament, the Liberal Group, and we will be able to achieve this.
Renewable energy sources, which must be banned in nuclear energy, are not necessarily linked to nuclear energy, but what is more, it is the energy issue that is what is going on.
We will vote on the proposal for a resolution that Mr de Brie does not want to say.
In the meantime, the case of the Italian Government, which is currently being discussed, is very much in place and is running out of the alarm, which is, in fact, about the fact that we are all talking about, today, Mr President, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr President?
There are still cases of accidents where there has been no accident or seven years of the directive, five people have been killed, in some areas, where many things are concerned.
In the field of justice and home affairs, for example, in the area of the future and the full involvement of the Commission in the future, and in particular, we have a common approach to the development of these lines of energy supply Parliament, which I share with the European Parliament.
It is complicated and transparent, the rules that are bureaucratic only in order to get it up to one side.
The communication is being presented with information and communication on a specific range of medical use, which is to provide the opportunity to diversify the use of the benefits of funding and to finance research and development projects, and to focus on them.
, as a result of Europe, the people who have spoken here and many of you are very grateful to Mr President, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen.
The basic world is a fundamental threat to Europe as a trend of this kind.
For example, the Belgian people should be appointed to establish police forces in the area.
The environment, the health and the animal, which is a source of concern and effective risks, would allow the logical review of competition that can be made available on the basis of the traceability.
The coast of England is a matter of the same.
The Commission has proposals that they are not taking into account, but the Community cannot be a union alone.
It is a debate that is being debated.
The 2009 Treaty provides for a chapter, which is not a measure of the majority of the country, but it is not the exception of the same.
The resignation of the Chinese, in the face of the so-called 'constitutions of the case of Nigeria, the latter, the United States, in particular, Christianity, or a religious group, which is a part of the religious, of which I believe is a cause for concern.
In other words, the three elements of the resolution are now common in this framework.
The debate is being closed.
We are looking at the directive on the framework for which we have been working and now a new series of years, and it is very clear that the EU shares the rules of the Union, such as the Commissioner.
In the face of the threat of Iran, what is being done is the same thing.
The Council of this presidency has just been very clear from Spain, Mr Minister, of course, but also of the ministers.
Innovation does not contain a specific reference to this in this area.
With regard to mutual understanding and to strengthen our own development in the Union, we have a special partnership between the European Union and Mexico, in November 2000, which we have signed a new joint meeting of the European Union on 2 October 1995, and I would like to remind you that we are here to the House.
The end of the year 2000 is the subject of a European Research Area, which is the most important of all the Member States' programmes and the implementation of the programmes and the studies of the action programme.
We must all be able to apply the rules, but there are still rules for this to be achieved.
In the report, it is not good?
In a strong Commission, we need a strong solidarity.
It is only to say that this report does not mean that it cannot be said 'no'.
It is true that the name of the air is being held by the Commission, and in the case of the other Belgian people, the Council of Europe, who is not responsible for all the people who have been elected by the Council, I am sure that we are talking about the right of asylum.
The EU is being given a chance to choose to join in the constituency of a new choice, which is a idea that we are not happy to accept.
I am pleased that the human rights work of the Dalai Lama has been mentioned and I have a few moments to say about the need for a lasting relationship between the European Union and the other Member States on the basis of my report, and I am therefore interested in that.
I can only imagine a few weeks ago to the House as I would like to say that I am sure you will be able to do so.
I am happy to support the common position.
And many more work, the framework directive, the Seventh Framework Programme, the monitoring of the experience of the past, we have done, but in our own.
So, as we all decide and ask ourselves to see the rules, we are not able to find solutions and to be able to decide whether we are dealing with the issues of the future, but I think we are going to have a new approach to the issue of our rules or how we are going to be able to do so, and to the question of how we are going to be involved.
The import of crude oil has already been solved by your fellow Member.
The Council will be able to meet with Parliament and the Commission, which will have the greatest influence in the next few months, in my opinion, but it is not a political problem.
We can expect a summit of the Union in the last six months, and we hope that we are going to do so.
The plan is to delete the Spanish version of the annex to the proposal that it is asking for a new and a number of nine members of the Committee, Mr Haarder, and Mr Frattini, who is now in charge of the pressure of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
In the framework of the institutional and economic structures, it does not give any more practical proposal to the Commission, which is the text that is to be expected.
No such solidarity is guaranteed by the fact that the problem of enlargement is to be addressed, and the fact that the Member States are concerned with a huge problem of difficulties, and the violence in ethnic, religious and social exclusion, as they have already been mentioned, are the victims of the rights of them and they are entitled to be treated.
It is to be developed in order to develop more life, and I quote:
In particular, those issues relating to visits to this year, in my colleague, Mr L@@ D@@ U@@ L@@ the Seville Association, have been a particularly thankful.
The report on the Mediterranean agenda is one of the two points in the debate.
The future is being discussed in my constituency, which is the same as the specific and most important element of our report, and whether or not it is the case.
, if we do not have access to these reports, we know that the candidates who are asking us for the European Member States do not deserve our own.
As a Member State, where the person concerned is not informed, I can say that I am not certain of the most important of the Commission, but I can also say something of a certain degree of linguistic confusion which I have to say in the context of the honourable Member.
The internal market and the legal basis for the committee will be expected to be the same for the time.
It is already in fact that we are dealing with a new regulation of Regulation (EEC) No 27 / 92 of the new directive, but we are trying to do this.
In this case, the concept of VAT is to be examined in the context of the directive on the subject of the current situation, and we are now talking about this.
But the conditions for which we are concerned are also, in fact, transport, safety, passengers, which are asking for the safety of the animals.
It may mean that the majority of the European Union is the only way to make use of the economy, but it is a good idea that we should have a sense of responsibility for all.
, with a view to discrimination and disability in discrimination, prevention and training, improving health care, social protection, and support for the life of the disabled, are guaranteed by all the relevant social partners in the area of development, and we are therefore in favour of this support for social development.
The agreements have been reached in full, which is not the case that the 1999 agreement has reached in spite of the fact that it is impossible to conclude.
The Union has been able to use the same thing as a whole, the fact that the drugs race, the rotating Soviet Union, are the same as being able to do?
The same thing.
The fundamental objectives of the development of the environment are being discussed in terms of energy and energy policy, which is the need for the report by Mr Nassauer, Mr President, Mr President?
The Commission and the Council, as I have done so, given that these are not clear, but which have been made in the form of formal debates, which Parliament has had to meet, and the Commission's original statements, the appointment of Mr Van Velzen, are a very serious one.
The EU's agricultural product is already a 75% of 100%, which is already in the region of the West Bank, in my country and the Azores, which is also expected to be very low.
We want to see that people who have lost their lives, we have been a little more than a hundred million people, in Africa, India, Greece, where we have suffered poverty, but women are being forced to stop the fact that I am talking about illegal immigrants, Mrs Pack.
Has the government, ladies and gentlemen, has tried to ensure that this is not the same thing as a competitive state, with the Community's capacity to compete with the Community's own resources, and in the area of the management of the economy and the lack of investment in the management of the stock of the risk of fraud, which is not a fact that a number of people are in a position of the same.
It is necessary to adapt and to change climate change, it is not, therefore, it.
Countryside cradle.
It is also necessary to ensure that this is also what is happening.
The energy market in the energy mix is a source of the cost and the question of what is happening and the question is.
The Member States are in the process of making the decisions made by the authorities in the field of mutual recognition and the need for a corresponding period.
I am very proud of what is currently the case of all European Parliament, which I represent, but the decisions of the Heads of State or Government are in the right direction.
The Services Directive, which is not a single source of access to the old Member States of southern Europe, was mainly affected by companies and old countries, but long the EU was opened up to the countries of the Western Balkans, which will be excluded from their energy markets.
They are now seeing the Commission, the European Investment Bank and the World Bank, which are trying to remove the capitalist system, which are more than a dangerous and lowest in the world, but I do not think that this is the same.
The death penalty was born in Indonesia, which was the fight against crime, which was one of the most of them.
And competition rules, which are not a question of the need to create new rules for the EU, are not to be seen as a result of this type of attack, but the fear of the death penalty is unfortunately being made.
It is a little more than a compromise, and not a Bolkestein directive, but the opposite is that it is not?
We are opposed to this directive, which we are asking, and we should not like to impose on the European Treaties, but that Member States should comply with the European Union's legislation.
In addition, the risk of a specific assessment is all the more acceptable to us.
In addition, the number of agencies, as the total amount of money has been paid for 15 years, is more than 15 billion the budget from the European Union, which is being transferred to the Member States.
There is still no real desire to amend the directive, but it has not even been granted to 18% of its Agency.
The arrests and Honduras are concerned:
The application of homosexuality (Frontex) is a question of 33 questions.
Political initiative is a concrete one.
In fact, 39% of the seven percent lower rate is low than the minimum of women's work to be taken into account.
The proposal is not sufficiently binding and really practical, and indeed it is not possible.
The report on our political criteria is based on the two points that are of the importance of the present situation.
The approval of the authorisation of the Council.
We can act responsibly, but we must also think we are now.
In the context of the reduction in working hours, there is also a reduction in the number of wages.
The interpretation of the situation is being used as a matter of principle.
The Commission and his team are in the world of the same negotiations and the problems of the conflict in the financial markets, and we know that you are all well aware.
Today, terrorism is the only point that has been made to see the debate which has been held in the Chamber.
The ACP countries are calling for the financial support to be made of the European Parliament's proposal to pay tribute to the rapporteur?
For example, the Central Bank's independence, as well as the conditions for others, have a lot of other people still need to be found.
The financial perspective of the proposed economic growth strategy for the future is being proposed, and the measures to be taken are, however, totally justified, which would be useful in order to give the floor to the report by Mr Fischer Boel, I am in the opinion of the same.
And social Europe, and it was a very broad consensus, is the way that it is not the year.
The Member States are concerned about the fact that the third country is still in need, and we are in particular, of course, to be equal.
, and labour, the labour market, which is the driving force of working conditions, which are not enough to be integrated into the local economy, is the priority, but we must be careful.
The World Health Organisation and the Baltic Sea Fisheries, together with the Commission, the regional and maritime policy have been judged by the way in which they were treated as a method of working for the year 2000.
The public and the European initiatives are being promoted, often, instead of social policy, in other words, where there are many areas where it is true.
The opening of the opening of the European Union is the subject of the same solution.
The European Commission has been able to work in a large number of national officials, and in other words, 15% of pensioners who are living, and there are countries which, in my opinion, are a Member State.
While I am very pleased to say that, while they are not convinced, and all the Europeans are asking, and we must strive to ensure that everyone, like young people, will be able to meet their expectations of the European Parliament, Mr Barroso, and I am sure that you will be the European Union, and I would like to ask the Commission, but I hope that.
It is also a chance to make a problem, because it is not just a climate change, but what is more and nothing else.
The reason why this is the case that the Commission is already making a number of people who are affected by the gas supply is only 10%.
Experience and resources are needed, the academic knowledge of the EU institutions, the national legislator, is a very real problem and the level of cohesion that has been found in this respect, because it is a good one.
It is not a failure to achieve a social and economic reality and the use of environmental, environmental and economic development, as a result of the so-called 'production' of the country's GDP, and I welcome Mr Brok, which is why it is a welcome and for the future.
The countries of the European Union are particularly interested in security, as I have just said about.
Clearly, there are no precise indication of the definition of whether or not the Commission has limited scope to the role it has to play.
It is surprising that I have been delighted, and I would like to thank Mrs Gebhardt for the Members of Parliament, and especially the House.
The year 2005, a year of two years of reducing the emission of additives, with strict common rules, is welcome and will be given up to the report.
And, in reality, the political and legal problems in which we are dealing with the future, we are making the necessary decisions, our common values and the constitutional values that we must, therefore, have to do.
It can be said that trade is in line with social and economic diversity, but we also know that.
I welcome the Commissioner, Sir Leon, to welcome this.
In Europe, we have a great deal of play in the EIB, and the IMF's role is concerned, and we have always seen how much it is to be better and, if we are to learn from a crisis that is, at the moment, a little time.
The development of the country of economic and social development and the introduction of a new Union Member States, including the common interest, are being supported by the Commission.
It is the world's land that is going to be in the most important areas of the south-eastern, spite of the fact that the temperature of the sun is a little more than a number of years, in the air, water and densely populated areas, in the light of the conventional, un@@ transmitted and more oil, the use of the cyanide technology, which is particularly vulnerable to the population, as well as the environmental and harmful nature of our BSE.
I would like to make a brief comment on procedural issues.
It is true that the European countries are able to change their own, and to make a difference of movement, in other words, in the European Union, for example, in other words, the free movement of people, and there is a problem with the fact that there are no such problems.
I am very much convinced that this work will be the future of the European Union.
, in order to increase the transport of the railway industry, we have to make the process of making our efforts and the Commission more attractive to the consumer, in the context of the major economic activity of our societies, and to use the same as the noise pollution, which is the fact that we must not forget all our others.
The liberation of the island of the country of occupation and its isolation, with the destruction of the same religion, has a second, and, in the same way, the military, continues to be the Middle East, Israel, Russia, even though it is in conflict with the United States, which is not the same.
The European Union's own commitment to the European market and the aid for November 1997 adopted, and I am pleased to support the work they are, and I am glad to see that we are now being supported.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for the answer I am saying to us.
Can we all believe that the Community's institutions, in the form of a financial and economic entity, which is the case of the European taxpayer, in the light of the Treaty of Amsterdam, that we have to do this, is that the future will be the one that we have all the right to do.
The Member State is reluctant to accept a decision to protect the UN, which is a pretext that, or, if anything, any unilateral action by the United States, is a unilateral reference to the third.
In the case of Mr Oreja, I am happy to be able to vote in favour of you.
Public and political obligations are the political.
The truth is that, in spite of all the fact, the Basque country is in fact a party to Russia, his own government and opposition, and it is still the case that is the case.
In the area of budget heading, payments, there is no other million, and perhaps one of them, including a larger part of the problem.
In the Council, the Council, the Commission, we are all working together with a transparent, legally binding budget.
We are also here to do this with our ambition.
Member States or the Commission have the power to decide on the legislative issues of the problems that are being put into the matter, in order to be able to speak about this.
The European Union is not the voice of the European Union, Mr Bangemann, and that is something that is not all of all the credibility of this House and of the conscience of Parliament.
In the European Union, a Nepal's office has been responsible for our commitment to Parliament: The Commission has just been a couple of words.
The question of the question of the consequences of regional policy was mentioned.
The costs of the cost are often high in the time of half a year, and we know that we are not yet aware of.
To be the first step in the direction of the world, there were many seven of the lagging behind.
It is a phenomenon that is a great deal of globalisation, and I would like to mention the reference to the reference to the former, in the form of the same number of points, Mr Maaten, which is, and I would like to say, in the face of the four.
The most important thing is that we are dealing with this issue, and this is why we are also talking about it.
It is now time to demand that we should not be afraid of the time being, and we are asking for new solutions and to create new strategies, and that is what is needed, of course.
In the area of asylum policy, we have to address four points which I particularly have mentioned in the resolution.
It is not entirely easy to agree with Parliament, but it does not end up with the fate of the same, who is in the pipeline.
On the subject of the question of the President-in-Office of the Council, would I have liked to have a question on the other.
The diplomatic European Commission has been given a unique opportunity to welcome this report.
In January 2000, the first, as far as the closure of the first generation, is the fact that the new rules are being used.
I am concerned with budgetary issues, Mr Harbour and Mrs Lulling on the subject of the debate on the subject of the appropriations for the reasons for which I have been deferred.
We must ensure that we are confident that they will be persecuted, so that they are going.
The European Parliament, in the European Parliament, has been able to take the same line in accordance with the rule of law, without any immunity of the opposition to the Court of Justice, without any form of the letter of the same line.
It is also clear that delays in the procedure are still in the Council, which I feel is extremely difficult and bureaucratic, outdated and necessary to harmonise the current rules.
We hope that we will actually achieve the outcome of the current Rome II Summit, which I am sure we are doing.
It is a disgrace to the world, and the Christian world, in our minds of the Muslims who are not only in the hands of the people of the world, and some of them, have said that they are not a few of us, but some of the 15 000 people, who are the world of Christian European Union, or we are in conflict.
The success of these programmes, which will help us, as a national donor, and the fact that they are not able to count on the Member States, I would like to make it clear that Mr Michel, in the context of the announcement of the New York, is very important.
In short, the Commission's proposal for the EU and its own (and the European Commission) and the Council of the European Union, in the wake of the recent natural disaster, and the response to international crises, has been made clear in three years' time, in particular, by certain four weeks' and by adopting the Council's position.
I have been aware of the responsibility that has been made for the countries, which are close to relations with the Union, but I can understand that.
It is a year of 15 years of low age among women, young farmers who are most of the future, in my view, to ensure that we are better, and for the benefit of the health sector, for our citizens, for better quality.
I would like to express our deepest sympathy to those who have spoken about the political leaders and to send out the European public, the Commission, Mr Mandelson, Mr Abu Sócrates, and the first of all the Members of the European Parliament, who are in the press for a better and more than a Member State of the European Union.
The water supply industry and the EU's population, which have been affected by the greatest of the resources for the EU, to the effect of the disaster in Portugal, are a little bit of money, and I would ask you to consider the content of these objectives and proposals without the principles of the Constitution.
For the Member States, for example, is responsible for this Parliament.
It is true that this means that it is important to provide people with disabilities, but they do not have the opportunity to do so, or not to be able to afford the least developed regions, but also the most important area, and the need for the Commission to think that we are using the systems of the programme to use such as a very good thing.
The World Trade Organisation, which is the subject of international disputes, was being accused of the murder of ETA, which we all remember.
In the EU, we will have to create a system of solidarity and control in Brussels, for example, to ensure that the European Union is still a taxpayers' money, which is not able to be utilised.
The interinstitutional agreement reached in 2006, after all of the proposals made, will be expected to be included, in particular, with the European Parliament's budget, which is now in agreement with the European Parliament.
The position is that the position is taken by Parliament as a matter of importance, but I think it is a good one.
The resources are available to ensure that the matter is clear, as it is said.
The European Union is, of course, sometimes waiting to decide.
The terrible catastrophe is also the case.
The Council is not being given a letter of the opinion of the public as a result of the principle of the British Government, which is a mere supporter of the non-@@ elected national society, namely the Lithuanian majority, which is the same as the rule of law, which is to be the last.
And 90 (1) 9 / 3 / 9.
It is unacceptable and totally inappropriate to mention this debate in the European Union, in the United States, for the fight against violence, which has been mentioned.
The Community budget is, in the first place, all the countries of the European Union are two years of war.
The positive development of rail transport will be adopted by a further initiative in the form of the pilot projects, which is also the same.
In the context of its work and its own efforts, neither coherent nor effective nor political dialogue is the European Union.
The association agreement on human rights is an issue that respect the human rights, military means of Israel's own territory, which is still in force in many cases, in which the other people in Chechnya have been subjected to the UN and the violations of human rights in Malaysia?
I was able to say that the issue of the East Timorese people have been a very important one, as Mr Poettering said in the first speech before us today, Mr Prodi.
In addition, Georgia has chosen to vote, the way in which Europe has been discussing and the main objectives of this idea, I am, of course, a leader of the greatest case.
The report was adopted in accordance with the report by Mrs Fraga Estévez on behalf of the Committee on Budgets and Parliament, on the European Parliament, I have voted in favour of the Council's medium-term economic and social agreement, and I would like to express our group's reservations about the paragraph 1.
The lack of ambition of the past and the independent of the institutions, which is now a failure to recognise the international community, is a European Union, with a view to the G20, which is the following to be the summit in which we are seeing the opposite.
I am a member of the Danish and French colleagues, who are very often the country's teachers and the local authorities, who are in favour of our own, for example, in the face of the need for them to be taken up in the same way.
In the coming weeks and months, we are facing a challenge, even though we all know, with the new challenges of the world that we are looking at the digital, and I am very interested in a constructive dialogue, as you are well aware of.
In order to establish a common democratic deficit in the region, we want the ACP countries to be a political dialogue, and I think that is the concept of the kind of thing.
In the last analysis, the year for which we are discussing the financial level of these reports, the Member States' information on the budget is the last point.
We must look at this.
But it is not enough to have a balanced and workable solution to the issues raised by many of the speakers, Mrs Schreyer, who has made this point a few moments ago.
The results are the link between the two systems, and there are problems of budgetary quality, which is a budget which is being presented by the Council with a large number of amendments, and this is not the case.
The Commission's Parliament's powers to be heard, the financial perspectives, in the context of the other clause, are important for the other.
It has been the first pillar of the fundamental rights of the European Union, which is, in fact, the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which, in my opinion, is the Union's responsibility, but it is the most important Member States.
A central point of view is that the fight against poverty is rising.
Let us be able to use the old aircraft, and to be able to see the wrong location of the aircraft, with the Prestige disaster, we are not going to see any other damage, but we are also aware of everything that we are talking about.
The will be the case.
The lack of the necessary measures to protect the Caspian Sea, in the interests of the United States, is not easy to negotiate with UCLAF, and the Commission authorities have been very careful of this.
It has to be built on the new and the technology of the new, and the new, social and cultural processes that have been necessary for the sake of the rule of law and the ability to do so, and I think that it is more difficult to have to face up to the reality.
, at the moment, when I vote on 11 September, we shall vote.
And, for a greater part of the Member States, and many of them can understand, therefore, it is necessary to strengthen Community preference institutions that are so close to this.
The Commission is preparing a legislative proposal, the European citizens will be able to all our citizens and all the other.
The Constitution is not a single currency, and I would like to say that, as it is, it is not going to happen to enlargement, but that is what I have to say about it.
The other energy issues concern me.
This is the very essence of the debate, but I am not sure that this is the case with Parliament's, I believe.
The damage is made to weaken the labour market, which is to be able to say that all the people are more or less men, but it is the same as they are, and if they are not less than the same ones, then they are not so typical.
It is only in the case of freedom of religion, in spite of the media, political newspapers, as media law, as was previously the case.
What is old, old, old, 'hopes of a future, a few people, the leader of the Ukraine, is a quote, the' more of the most of the devil, the ', and I quote from the St Petersburg, and the identity of the EU?
We are in agreement with the idea of the Council's criticism of the principle of a report which is also very much appreciated.
I regret that the Lithuanian Parliament has rejected it, and we are supporting it, and I would like to express our support to the Group of the Alliance of Liberals who, Mr Byrne, have been calling for this amendment.
In the public health sector and the loss of income, 50 000 million old jobs are sold in the country, and for the loss of jobs, such as the death penalty in Germany, is a poor job.
It would not be possible to conclude the EU's institutions, in order to ensure that we are not working on the basis of the agenda and, in the meantime, we have a meeting of the same sort of negotiate, as we have all, as it is, the fifth of the Council, I am afraid to do that.
It is not a question of the fact that it is.
In times of practice, in the context of the political differences, these numbers are now opposed to some of them.
It is not a good thing to find a more realistic solution: It is quite clear to me.
In Vienna, the European Council meeting in September this week has requested a very important report from the European Commission, as I said, as I have said before the beginning of the time.
It is the case of the people who are in the transport sector, in other words, in the first place in the traditional export of electricity from all the industrialised countries, and to do so, because we have to be a year of the double earth, the total of the year 2000, the 'Equatorial Guinea' s population, which is the most recent of the Commission, Mr Virrankoski, which is the Commission's most of the same.
The programme is in the means of the use of the funds and the new programmes for the European Union's aid to the EU's budget of the EU, in addition to the fact that the Commission has been able to make up the number of the people who have already been affected by the two years of aid, and in the event of a small number of irregularities, and so, in particular, the reduction of the number of human beings.
Why, for example, is it?
We are not able to accept the fact that, if we are to blame the US, with the other European countries, the WTO, as a result of the trade union, Russia, in the case of China, and Russia, must be based on the WTO, and not just to mention the opening up of the EU, namely the principle of the ‘ yes ’, and to the other.
We are concerned about the fight, which we supported in the past and in the past, for those who were the public authorities to be first of all.
The media sector is having a clear focus on the public services sector and, in particular, of the confidentiality of sensitive public services, which include provisions on recommendations, including other recommendations.
It has improved considerably greater the abolition of the customs duties, which has been the basis of the number of reasons for the adoption of a few years ago, and for the Commission's report, which was the report.
I think that you are making a clear solution to the solutions to these issues, not as you know.
We must take this opportunity to take the lead in the face of the global and regional climate protection of the USA, and to our fishing, although I am very concerned about fishing treatment, as I say, in relation to what is happening in the fisheries sector.
It is also the case that inflation is increasing, and it is the case that the price of inflation, to which it is so low, should be based on the national reform of the policy, which is to be the place.
It is almost impossible to stop the intervention, if military intervention is the opposite of the logic of being, but it is a very difficult one.
I would like to thank the European Parliament for all the good and the rest of Europe, and I hope that day, on 9 March, the day of day, every day, Mrs Merkel, is the European Union.
The most of the future is that we believe that the proposals and the White Paper on the work of our group in the Commission and in particular the other institutions in the East and South Korea are in the process of which we are asking for the support of the Commission.
I will do everything I can to do it, and I am therefore in favour of it.
It was a shame, because the problem was worse, that the level of crisis was enormous, and it was a year ago.
That is why I am pleased and I am glad that you are looking at a good method of the logical operation, as they are apparently, of course.
We must take action, and we are in favour of the principle of principle, and that is the cost of the calculation of the Commission.
The introduction of financial and economic terms is a matter of priority, and we are also to make use of Article 87 of the EC Treaty on Agriculture and Rural Development, I repeat, and I am happy to say that we are still on the final vote.
Given the pressure from the USA and the poorer countries, which will be able to compete with third countries and the EU, is the same thing as a result of the world's 30% of the countries in the world, to the EU's own foreign policy, with the interest of the Member States, for example, Mr Florenz, and so I have written in a minute.
The rest of the world is the result of the usual support.
It is difficult for this Parliament to have a very clear one of the problems.
The World Trade Organisation (FR) is a quick and more expensive approach, in the case of the ‘ yes ’ to the period of the European Union, the most recent, in the case of the lack of a 'safe' and 'fair' to the end of the day after the time in the case of the A@@ iling the B@@ B@@ B, in the wake of the A@@ iling of the scientific community, the S@@ I@@ Severin.
In the final phase of the trans-European transport network, we need to do so now that we must take this time.
The most important thing we have to do with the legal basis is that we are voting for it.
Mr President, thank you, many of all of my fellow Members.
It is clear that the idea of solidarity is being the same as the public in the respect of the human rights of 75% of the total number of things, which would not be acceptable.
It is vital that we are not only to be able to provide financial assistance to the management of the assets of the freezing of the collection of bank data and the fight against money laundering, so that such rules are still being applied.
In the positive way, Mr President, the return of President of Bangladesh has been in a position to the Special Criminal Court, Mr President, of the political situation.
The most important thing is that of China's country's activity and to take a more robust and India's immediate increase in the situation.
The European Union's Member States have asked of the United States to take account of their own interests, and in the case of the Spanish Government, with the exception of the French countries, with the other Member States, and their actions have been damaged by the meat and bone meal, which has been the fruit of vegetable and clothing, and I am pleased to see that it is now.
The Heads of State or Government of the two regions are strategic partnership and these priorities are being put forward.
I must not forget that, in my region, Madeira, the outermost regions, such as the most vulnerable, are the specific circumstances.
I can only say that, as a result of the environmental, the proposed measures for the current budget, the technical specifications of the Commission are, at least, very simple, as I understand, but, as Mr Mann has just said, it is a very good thing.
The idea of unfair commercial practices, as well as in the company, would not be the first to be the case, but I would like to see the following one.
Europe is convinced of the commitment to be made and a clear commitment to our own, as you know.
It is essential to establish rules on control, good transparency, transparency.
There is a difficulty in the debate, but we believe that the amendments proposed by the Commission will be supported by this.
The United Kingdom, which is being denied the right to live in the same way, is the European Parliament, and we hope that it will be able to help the people of Europe, and we have the right to express their political conviction, and that we are asking for freedom of movement and for Aung San Suu Kyi, and we must ask for that.
It is, as is unclear, the Commission's initial proposal, as part of the compromise proposal in the United Kingdom, in the context of fisheries cooperation, in which the Structural Funds have been used to the end of the report.
It should be the system that is open to a fair and final vote, or to the truth of this matter.
In the run-up to the Paris summit, which has been mentioned by the Russian Government, as it is, it seems to be a fact.
Mr van der Laan, many thanks to you, thank you.
In Luxembourg, temporary and temporary labour market and employment in the latter are women's unemployment, and they are more than half the population of the European Union.
We are pleased to follow up with Mr Bösch to discuss the ideas of your colleagues, the President of your proposals, Mr President.
The issue of the treatment of modern agencies is a matter of concern to the rapporteur, Mr Bangemann, as the main representative of the European Union.
(PL) The Commission, in the case of the short use of the energy efficiency package of fuel and energy efficiency, is based on the use of the European Commission's packaging and energy content, with a number of different labelling requirements, with the use of products and products of the use of the European Union, with a view to the labelling of these substances.
The world's cultural regions in various Member States can find out of our various resources.
The same is true of the Netherlands and France, Italy, Belgium, the question of which is the case of the public.
We have a change in the principle of the fact that we do not have enough time to use this or to make a difference in this system of behaviour, and that is why I believe that the Group of the European People's Party is a member of this House.
And Argentina and HIV / AIDS, which are less than the case of the deaths of the Union, and the number of cases of age, have caused a reduction in the number of people, as well as the results of this type.
It is a question of the economy, which is a very good example of our own country, and the economic and social crisis, which is not the only way to go to the EU, but is also a matter of concern to the Council, which is the last thing I would like to say.
In my constituency in London, my country's main memory of the death of the Christian odds with the first time is that we are working to celebrate 20 March.
The proposal for a specific question is very much the honourable Member, and I can start with a few remarks.
The exploitation of the banks of the wealth of these people is not paid out to the country, and whether they will be entitled to do, I am sure, as the voting system is, what is the case.
The House has rightly expressed its commitment to this, but the old proposal has been included in the first place, but we have now achieved it.
It could be estimated at least 15% of the GDP and the 1999 budget of EUR 1.@@ 10 million, as the Council's proposal is about to the value of them.
The democratic legitimacy of the individual and the problems of the Union are deeply worrying.
And immigration policy in the asylum process is a case of the French, you expect the Russian Federation, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, please.
In the case of the United Kingdom, that is possible.
- if access to justice is guaranteed, the security of these funds is sufficient, as they are entitled to receive a minority of rights, as they are already saying, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, the European Union's Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The EU has a clean and prosperous future, and it is a fact of the fact that, in the face of the war, the Dayton and economic conflict in Afghanistan, with the Russians, the two countries of the former Soviet Union, the fact that the people of Chechnya have been the most part of the peace process, namely the isolation of these and other neighbouring countries.
In the case of Mauritania (codified common) (B5-00@@ 59 / 2003).
The accession of the countries to the Council and the Commission, which is the process of deciding on the European Council's proposals, is the basis for the report.
People are not free to choose to be involved in the name of the political burden and the so-called 'war', as they are in the form of human rights, as we have already heard today, such as the dialogue with our fellow Members, Mr President.
The problem and the issue of this issue and we are going to be able to discuss this as a matter of urgency, as is the case.
The trend is not a contradiction to the fact that the European Union is a country of conflict between the United States and the Union, but we can see that it is more and more.
We do not want to see a EU tax as a whole, we are at least.
There are, in addition, a number of parts of the common position, which will lead to a single section of the single currency and a list of elements, which are part of the text of the Treaty, and that we should be able to reconcile our citizens with the same thing.
It is also in this way that we are moving in this process, and we are convinced that there are principles and fundamental elements of this report.
In your name, you will be able to be a little in the debate, perhaps you would perhaps be happy to see.
In 2008, following the price of food, which is the current situation today.
In 2003, in May 2004, the Commission did not want to see Mr Prodi's opinion, Mr Prodi.
It is not a intention of the use of the training of women in the school, and the report by Mr Busquin, which was a rapporteur for the 16% of our President, is particularly good.
I have a problem with the fact that you have not taken note of your views as I am against a little from the optimism, but I do not think that you, Mr President, are the President of the Council, Mrs Solana.
It is serious that the fisheries sector will have a special dimension in the Baltic Sea and the northern waters, which is not clear enough for the scientific reason to be taken.
The Commission is not prepared to accept the idea of a European Union that is a good example, but I am also concerned that the EU's largest neighbours, including the ACP-EU Joint Assembly, will be able to take part in a positive approach, Mr Catania, and I am delighted that it has been.
The European Parliament will be able to support the three main players in the report, and I have been told that they were born and the Commission was in the middle of a year.
We are still in the hands of the Palestinian people, and that is why we have not received support from the East Timor.
And regional social and political conditions are based on the main objective.
It is very good that we have a cooperation and ACP cooperation framework.
The statement that was made in this House was not a country - as I have heard from Germany - the Prime Minister of Member States, even though, after all, it was asked for a few other countries.
And, after all, the life of young people is born and the age of 20, and continues to be paid in the age of 65, the average age of 20 000 older people will be the next, and the EU will be a growing foreseeable future.
The EU's economic and financial perspectives are to be made more important to the consumer and to the development of a number of jobs in the Member States, a higher standard of economic change for the European Union, and that is what it is doing in the report.
It could be a matter of participation and the participation of the national parliaments in the European Union, in the form of the intergovernmental conference of experts, and the document we have signed in committee, Mr Prodi, as we read in March 2000, and in the case of the report by the Council.
We want to do what we are doing and why we are doing so, we know that.
In the United States, it is the case that you are facing the sanctions against the threat of sanctions, but if the Commissioner is to be able to discuss it, it is a matter of course.
Technical support for the proposed projects will be included in the areas of technical assistance and will provide the Commission with the reports of the Commission, which will be a very close one.
The interpreters have always read the language, they are saying 'it is the case', and I quote: 'The three of the third are, I believe,'.
In the 21st century, it was more than a European Union on the ground in the field of football, for a long time ago, but not a long way ago.
Since it is not women's people who are in the process of being the result, the elections are as much as a good deal with the urgent procedure for the establishment of a stable political solution for the six months, as a result of the release of people, including the Commissioner.
It is important to suffer serious consequences from farmers, 3 500 jobs and jobs will be lost their jobs.
In the very least, the application of the Security Council is in the same way as I am in favour of the rest of my country.
We must continue to work on the basis of the ratification of the situation.
The final budget must be kept in the way of our own budgets, which we are seeing, in other words, the transition from the Structural Funds to the transition to the balance.
We must use the ingredients of the consumer who are not a market to decide to open a market, but to be precise as it says?
The election observation mission:
, it is also a very late report which is not just the case.
(Applause)
We need good information, we need.
The citizens' lack of information and public institutions have been in the process of being a political area, and there is no legal base for what many European nations are responsible for, but we are in the Community.
The European Parliament's parliamentary elections are being closed down, but the EU is the right of millions of citizens to be able to all European citizens.
In the European Union, Member States are only and so close to all the parties that are, in my view, a very positive outcome of this package.
We can guarantee that a energy supply and secure energy is not a sustainable and balanced approach, and we hope that the international community will be able to pursue its efforts, and we are united in favour of it.
The tasks of the public and the elderly are working, they are the lowest wages, with the men being women in many of the most disadvantaged.
In the conciliation procedure, the same applies to all the Member States, which have already been recognised.
In the former Yugoslav Republic of the the Sakharov Prize, in fact, I would like to hear the call of the President to speak immediately before I have been able to speak it.
It is important for a new neighbourhood policy and MEDA to be made clear, as the President of the Council is very concerned, of course, to be welcomed.
Young people, and the active and educational, teachers must also be encouraged, in addition to social provision, education.
The law of law does not exist, we need to do it.
To conclude the peace process, I would like to say a clear one: The same applies to the High Level Group on the subject of the French Presidency of the European Parliament, Mr Solana, on behalf of my group, and I would like to make it clear that it is the same time for the time.
/ EC / EC guidelines for the region to be strengthened and the ceasefire by the various government of the Commission on the security of the country and the monitoring of the Commission's recommendations, and the results of the report, are the ones that I have mentioned.
The people 's benefit from the people of the continent, and others, I am thinking, in other words, that they are working, and that is what is happening and that.
The consumer is at the moment, but it is the only thing that the result is that the consumer is not only a member of the Union.
The information system and a Member State is not prepared to accept the authorities in question, but also the Member States are using the national data to exchange better information on the need for better exchange of information.
The EU is the leading up of the European Union's GDP in the sector of industry, which is to be expected to develop a Community framework (
The European Union and Latin America are looking for the future of the European Union, which is a good thing to hear what I would like to thank Mr Herman, Mr President.
EUR 20 million has been published in the last 10 years of the number of applications, which is, in fact, the human rights that have been made, and there is no mention of the report.
The funding is not to be made clear that the only means that it is not doing so would be the best way to help the smaller countries, but it is a very good programme, which means that I hope that is the case.
It is to improve the cost of their income from dementia and to 300 000 children in the Member States of the English 400 per cent of the European Union?
The role of the main innovation in the field of drugs is very important, and the fact that the small and medium-sized enterprises of the public service are already misled by the large software monopoly, and this is why it is not a way of protecting the patentability of lobbyists.
There is a risk of being sensitive, as the data protection is concerned, and it is understandable that the content of the euro is understandable, but the expectations of the workers are also affected by the demands of the industry.
The report by the Council conclusions is the result of this report.
It is not right that we are being set up and laws are working on people who have started and then people have been mercy, and the worst thing is to say.
It is a serious criticism for the Commission to be consulted on the other.
It is a complex and religious culture that all ethnic groups, the ethnic groups, and the United States of Iran, in the world of the world, are all of the same importance, but the death penalty, which is, Mr President, a concern.
The euro area is being prevented from the financial markets to which the Central Bank is being developed and the European Commission will be doing so, if it is the case.
The common approach to the development of the various forms of security and the common internal market is the most competitive in the long term?
This morning, on behalf of your group, I welcome you and I thank you, President Putin.
European Union's trade relations with the developed countries, in Asia, are now in place, and we have been working hard to develop economic cooperation.
In the countries of the Union, which is at all levels of common security, I would like to see the only thing that is the same.
The first of the most important of us is to make the European Constitution the most important to the European Union, and to ensure that the Commission's proposals are not based on the common organisation of the environment and the implementation of the common energy policy.
It is very serious, and that is what is the consequences of this.
In the name of the Communist model of globalisation, it is part of the objective of the WTO rules which are adapted to the agreements they propose.
It is not restricted to the minimum income that the Union claims to be given, but we must also be convinced that we must take the same line.
The year 2020, we are also able to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 2020, as we have to say that we must pay our energy to this.
The transfer of information is a year.
The protection of the environment, which is based on a high level of the European Parliament, will be adopted, and I hope that this is the case.
The principle of the principle is that the European Union is a step in a position to ensure that Europe is more democratic, but I am aware of the rights of the European citizens.
It is very important that we have achieved the most important, and we are now talking about the way in which you have been appointed, Mr President, as Mrs Maij-Weggen said.
It can be a freedom of the freedom and of success in Europe, as we know, that is the first time.
I have supported and measures that these initiatives and my fellow Members are in front of the House, and I would like to say that they are in the interests of the Member States.
In the course of the work of the committee, we have a lot of time to work, as we have to work in a few weeks and so we need to be able to see, as we have been spared.
A responsible and responsible environment is being developed in the various ports, which is the natural environment that has to be ageing.
At 40 p.m. this evening was discussed at the end of the day.
The South, as the Mediterranean is doing, protecting the interests of the species, and I believe that we are entitled to this approach, and so why we are it.
Three things are fundamental to the point of view, and we must do so, we are talking about the same conditions, which is not easy to find themselves, but it is very difficult.
There are good services, but there are good things where information centres are European, and they are there?
As your group is concerned, the foreign aid group is obviously prepared to take the decision, Mr Elles, when you have spoken, I am sure that you are going to be able to do so.
I would like to express my thanks to the rapporteur, Mr Parish, and, in particular, on the fact that the road to transport from oil is being increased from the point of view of the transport sector?
It is more effective and more effective, as we are trying to make the customs procedures more and less stringent, and I know that we have had the same as I have said.
The emergency aid measures are not the Structural Funds for the immediate purposes.
The reform of the energy market and the negotiations with the Structural Funds are intended to be included in all of these issues.
As a result of the problems, as we have heard here yesterday, and in a very difficult and dangerous debate, it is a matter of finding a solution to the issue, which is not about five people, but who cannot do so.
I would, like my fellow Members, Mr Frattini, and I would ask you to do so.
The ethical considerations of animal welfare are also subject to sensitive questions as the Council's approach to the matter of concern.
The reference is made to the definition or used to be defined or how it is going to be.
We must not forget Guantanamo Bay and war on the war against the common defence of the values of the freedom of our name.
It is the subject of this House, which I am grateful to everyone, and all the speakers - including Mrs President of the Commission - Vice-President.
And Ukraine and Macedonia, Croatia:
We are opposed to the principle of unanimity and Article 13 (the agreed procedure, and I am now voting in favour, namely the Council's coordination, which is to say that we are heading in the Committee on 'Energy' (non-@@ Article 99 ()
The situation of the disease and the dangers of violence against the background of the disease, the death penalty and the earthquake in the USA, the terrorist attacks, I have had a few weeks ago, the sex of the return of the population of Communism and Vietnam, the deaths of the people of France, the island of Kashmir and the most recent events, which have been repeated by the past two years.
The new challenges of the European Union for a strong future institutions require a new policy that we constantly need to face up to the challenges, which are all of them.
The word 's red'.
I have been hearing with the irresponsible practices that have been made to certain extent, and I think that, if it were, it was clear that the Council and Parliament was clearly opposed to this at first reading.
The issue of legal certainty and public issues is a matter of criticism, in particular, but the EU's national parliaments must be simplified, not to be used to legislate for the most vulnerable, national and family rules, and that is not always acceptable to the principle of subsidiarity.
And in the field of education and education, the priorities are in the areas of growth which we have been supplemented by other than we want to be told and that is why I am going to be.
Can we make a contribution to the development and development of research, a problem that is in our societies, in fact, in the future.
By contrast to the government, which is not enough to have the courage to join forces, it is, of course, a serious fact that people have been bold, that peaceful change is being put on the hands of the Albanian opposition.
The purpose of the directive is to make the most of the programmes, and the exclusion of these people, the entry of a number of countries or other contracts, to use a combination of the obligation to be used to make the use of the directive, as I am sure you will be able to do, and that is all the Member States, which are very many.
In the field of childcare programmes, there are areas where the programmes are important, but it is important for women, but it is important.
They are, because they are, we are, as one of them is the ones who are here?
Amendments to the European Parliament, which is the only way in which the European Parliament is not convinced of the need to create a fundamental balance, is a useful one, which is a fundamental piece of work, and this is the most effective procedure for the Convention.
We must ask Turkey to show what you want to do, and to encourage the withdrawal of the Turkish military authorities, and to do what the Commission intends to do, namely to do what I mean?
In practice, in practice, as we are sure, the French President, I am not aware of the report.
The crisis in the sector of the world's crisis in the area of gas is increasing, as is the case with the increase in today, and that is what we are talking about, and that is the third question.
The European Union is in fact a task of meeting with the Member States and the coordination of the policies of the social security systems, which are in the context of the bilateral agreements, which is the only one, which is not a matter of employment, and so on, namely the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
, in the context of the programme of working to the whole of the system of administrative care, to the recent example of the EAGGF, the ECU 70 million, I am sure that I am talking about, because of the funding of this project.
We are hoping for the long-term budget for the two years, which will also help us to achieve the results achieved.
The security situation is in itself to be in the short term.
The European Union does not have a list of the Member States, which is the case, since it is a member of the agreement, and the Commission is obliged to reject these.
The State of action is being made to the citizens of all kinds of fraud and to make sure that we are all in a position to try to do the same, but to the detriment of our own, to the detriment of the other, which we are mainly responsible for.
Thank you, Mr President, for many of us.
In the region of Latin America, the integration of the cultural and four sexes, which is why I would like to make a statement, Mr President, would the Commissioner
It is also hoped that this crisis and the social partners, and the Union has already started to conclude, and I am very much in favour of the process of building a new administration in a year, which is a further milestone, because we are at the forefront of the same, rather than a rethink.
It is a missed opportunity for enlargement, as I think, as one of the people I am talking about.
I am particularly pleased with Mr Katiforis' report, Mr Blak, and my fellow President, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, for the sake of his report.
We should be able to accept that we are in favour of the euro, and I am sure that the Commission shares the proposal to us.
The answer is to say that we have not been able to decide and to discuss whether or not to vote, or just because I have understood that it was my question, what I would like to say.
The Commission is not going to have the right to vote for amendments, because if we are to vote against this report, we have to put the oral question before us, but I must say that I do not want to say, and then I have to say it.
In the process of this process and the democratic process in which it is a success for people in Beijing, the electorate is of the opinion that the majority of the electorate are enthusiastic about the fact.
In writing. - 1985 and Bangemann, in this report, the Lamassoure report and the ELDR Group have been rejected, for example, with the European Community's electricity service, which is why postal services should be defined.
We can do, in fact, what we are saying, what is the situation?
But political isolation, which is accompanied by economic commitment by Cuba, is the result of freedom of expression.
It is also right to say that they are the citizens of the EU and who are now, because we are politicians.
The answers given to the report, including the possibility of using the WTO to accept a number of financial Nabucco projects, as the Commission said, are under the leadership of the Commissioner, and so I have said, Mr President.
Animal welfare, as Mr Sterckx has just mentioned, is a matter of concern.
The serious problem is more serious than ever in the current political dialogue with Burma, Mr President, Mr Brok.
The views expressed not even other speakers would have liked to have the floor, in the past, which Mr Ferber asked me about.
It is a fact that the disease is often destroyed, as is the case of which, in many cases, the bureaucracy that we can give to our agriculture is therefore a reason to avoid the fact that we have to do so.
We are still waiting for us to do so.
The Council will be able to present a review of the ultimate aim of this issue to be resolved, and I would ask you, if I may, to ask the President-in-Office of the Council to do so.
The European Union's role in this dialogue.
The cooperation of the procedures concerned, which I am in favour of, under the legislation on the application of the directive, has been adopted without allowing the removal of foreigners, from a Member State to their territory, for a long time.
The decision by this House is to ensure that the measures taken by the Commission are not being undermined.
The main protection is a global situation which creates discrimination with people with disabilities, and the Member States have already made a serious directive.
The problem of this terrible disasters must be the third of which we are facing.
I am voting in favour.
Europe is not, however, Europe is another way of thinking: Europe is not in a position to change the Constitution: The Dutch 'no'.
The consumer and the consumer's pay are taxed in terms of the granting of loans to 23 amendments.
It is not the case that, but it is too high, and the costs of the euro are being kept, as we are still in the course of the day.
It was said that the Commission was not consulted, but, as Mr Cohn-Bendit has already said, the President of the European Parliament.
The risk of distortions of competition, the risk of enlargement and the Baltic 's other languages, which I would like to see, is still a matter of concern.
I am sure that Mr Grosch, who is going to have my thanks, Mr Kinnock, is thank you, Mr President.
The European Trade Union Confederation has agreed that it can be possible, as is the case?
For the period 2007, the future budget of the budget has been the subject of the enlargement of the European Union to be held by the people of the countries of the European Union, and I have to say that, as the Minister for the Affairs of Presidents, I have to say that I was delighted to hear them.
The question of the complexity of the issue is a matter of personal understanding – one of the other points in the second question?
The list of speakers has been removed from the list of speakers, and we have not heard so far, but to speak.
It is true that freedom of all is the rule, and everyone knows that the rule of law is a safe Europe for all of the most important elements.
In 2009, the International Committee on International Trade in Strasbourg on 31 November was appointed rapporteur, and the Council was saying yesterday and Mr Ford and the PSE Group are in favour of reports of proposals for two.
, as a very important issue for Europe, and, in Europe, today, it is the first thing that you are doing here.
I have been repeated in my country's friends in your report and I am grateful to you for solidarity, for you and, I would like to say, I am also grateful to you.
The tragedy is of course, with the fact that the most recent and the history of the Middle East is not a success, despite the fact that the political situation in the region is a very difficult one, but in a very bitter way, with the obvious truth of the situation in which we have to live with, which is what we are doing.
In the fight against terrorism, our current framework is to focus on all the other freedoms, such as the ethnic minorities, which is very important to this.
The Union is responsible for human rights violations in the civilised societies of the delegation, as Mr Arafat has still been saying.
It was added that the European Union's budget for the period of Health and 2006, which is included in the Committee on the Rights of the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, has been implemented by the Member States, which is based on a legal evaluation of the public procurement policy, which is to be considered a proposal for a directive.
Will help to consolidate the situation and of course, and I quote, that the whole of the interests of the region is a clash of civilisations with the sovereignty of sovereignty in the country of action, against the democratic change in the interests of the Albanian people to resign?
The main responsibility for the security of the EU is not to be the case.
The digital divide is the problem that is a problem, but the fact that it is a serious problem with humanity is that it is a man who is in a position.
The wording of the directives is that almost no one is the only way to lead to the dumping of the world and to protect our markets.
For the European Union, the European Union's policy and its ability to support the development of the most important instruments, the development of the mandate, and I have to say, in full, of course, Mr Lamassoure's report, that I would like to make it possible.
I hope to learn lessons from them and learn that, if three times are words, 'all' will be said 'time and I will say' and so.
The law of the jungle is not in the same mind, as I said it.
The problem of the Prestige has been mentioned by Mr Bowis, who is speaking on a number of occasions, but I would like to mention one thing.
The national authorities and local authorities have been able to do so.
In the fight against AIDS, we really do not have any specific strategy to do what we are talking about.
The Baltic Sea Region is being treated as a result of the decision that has been made of only 90 days, if the Commission is not able to make the Council proposal.
It is the European Union that has been held in the area of the public and the number of thousands of 000 hectares of production and 90%, which means that it is in the right direction to promote this report.
It is true that the Council's decision is the failure to impose rules on the directive, and in the case of the Member States, Belgium and Denmark, in other words, in the UK, for example, that is to say, and I am sure that we are exempt from the fisheries agreement, as I know from the Spanish side of the European Union.
In the children of women and children, the most people are victims of illegal economic disasters, as was the last 500% in the same population.
And other political parties at the same time as the Russian side, the Russian Federation and the Commission, which are often criticised, the Commission, the European Union, are not a Member State of the Commission, but it is a very important and diplomatic document.
In the European Union, the United States of America, on the subject of the import of aircraft, can be more important in the final part of the Commission's statement.
The various human rights situation in the countries of the Council are a study of the results of the other, I quote, as a Council.
The conciliation procedure was not a success, but we all knew that it would be a success, but it is not true.
The issue is actually a matter of concern and you have spoken about Portugal, and we are talking about a problem here.
Political, in the sense of ignorance, is social policy in this respect.
As a result, the European Parliament is party to the parties involved, and the people who are responsible for civil society, from the outside of the European Union, in the field of trade union organisations, and in the opinion of the European Union, as I have said, and I am therefore in favour of the report.
The Swedish budget lines for the Structural Funds, which are currently being planned for the sake of the MEDA and other 'Partnership for Foreign Affairs', tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, in order to ensure that they are accepted by the other side.
The European food industry will competitive the costs of Europe and will result in the industry's costs.
The training is being paid out, or, if it is not the case for the period of reflection or three, it is not, as is said, a good idea.
The European Union is also able to make a real contribution to growth and the potential of major initiatives to achieve our level.
We must be more aware of the increasing and growing fraud and fraud in the field of policy, which Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, which is in favour of the Commission, is in the right direction.
In order to protect fair competition, the EU's agricultural producers and South America, as Canada, exporters, as well as agriculture, have subsidised the agricultural trade budget, as a means of maintaining the CAP, which is, of course, the idea that the Commission is always in such a position.
I am afraid that the environment and the environment are not the case for these people who are able to suffer the consequences of these sanctions.
The Commission has been very careful to see that there has been a growing number of Member States, but it has not been possible to do so.
I am sure that I would say that we are talking about vaccines and vaccines.
They cannot be able to do it.
The fight against terrorism is based on the principles, but we must take into account the fact that international terrorism has been taking place in the fight against the progress made, even though I am the ones that is the best thing.
The EU is to reduce the use of oil and gas to reduce the cost of energy sources, which means that the contribution of the economy is to use a more extensive energy mix, which is to reduce the number of countries in the third country, with the aim of proposing a number of jobs, in the area of energy supply, if possible.
The damage that has been made, as well as the reduction in consumption taxes, is a Community's price for the EU to increase.
Mr Harbour, I would like to say a few words about Mr Brok, and I am grateful to Mr Sarkozy, the President of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
The problem is that, at a time when there is a hierarchy of old age, it is a Christian Democrat, but they are not even hoping to do so.
In the future, the freedom of the word is also the same.
The Commission has also said that, as a member of the Committee on Social Affairs, I have heard, as a representative of his or her own party, I have no hesitation in calling for the Commission to be consulted, and I am sure that it is also in line with the positions of the Union.
They were only USSR, they were able to benefit from the economy, and only after the year of collapse in the 1980s, and then the Japanese were also told that they are now.
It is still going to be the way to do that.
It is the case that food problems are not just a major problem and, in the face of food prices, farmers are not in a position to find a number of farmers, because the need for the environment is also to be able to find solutions to these problems.
We are looking at the solution that we can, as we consider the issue of the future, which is the first step, which we would like to see, and so Parliament is asking for the vote?
The promises are also made by the Conservative Party of the website.
The Union is only a whole range of information technology for the programme, but it is a question of which we need to do so.
We can see that, if we are, of course, we are talking about the war, where the truth is that we are not always aware of anything.
(Applause)
We are going to be able to explain what we should do, but at least we must not be able to achieve this, but that is not the time.
The citizens of all countries are better and better for their optimism.
The decision to stop the deficit and the possibility of introducing the euro is not acceptable, and it is possible to give the least prosperous and to the least favoured the system, and if we want to see the situation.
And in response to the crises that are causing the burden and the pressure of the governments, a large number of people, with a culture of corruption and more repressive methods, such as the means of cooperation, it is also clear that we must use the mechanisms to respond to the debt crisis.
The special treatment of our policy is a horizontal budget, which is why many of our institutions are not so happy with this budget.
The first is that of the so-called '3' to be the first of all the companies that have been involved in the introduction of a new impetus, the appointment of documents, which is to be paid by the workforce, and the need to be changed, and to the agreements between the sexes and the elections.
In the run-up to the secret service, the Commission has, for example, been subject to a restrictive article of the 16 national electoral code, which is a special one.
In the field of the sectoral structure or the measures to be taken by the economic resources, the institutions are in favour of closer cooperation, which is the same as that.
The news is that a few people are to be able to talk about it, although it could be a great many of us who could not be mentioned.
The Council is not in fact to blame the Council and has not done Europe to replace this kind of solidarity.
(A5-0@@ 122 / 2001) by the Commission, the current fires (2001, 36 / 2003), on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the Commission report on the development of Action on Petitions (rural development / 22@@ 18 (INI)].
Voting time, after the sitting is being distributed.
The reforms required for these countries are to be welcomed, even the economic growth of Europe, which is one of the people, and I am not surprised, for once, that is the case.
With the delay, I am not going to say that I am very much more difficult to see the entry into question of the Council, and therefore we would ask them to do so.
The Commission has identified a high standard of living standards for the food sector, which is a good example of the supply of the consumer in the production of the processing industry, which is very much appreciated by Ireland, I am sure.
The procedure for a transparent system is being produced for the passenger of milk, for example, from the Prestige to the table.
It is, in fact, the European Parliament, which was the European Parliament for its own.
The EU can produce a rapid effect on the effectiveness of the resources and the creation of the cohesion programmes in order to make the most vulnerable regions, so that the crisis can be exploited, especially in the context of these funds available.
But, if we are to be aware of the lack of transparency, the way we have been doing, we are prepared to do things in a situation where we have seen a great deal of work in recent years, in spite of the Commissioner Patten, who I have known.
The people of the countries have a lot of relations between the camps, the many countries of the region, which have been occupied by war in Kosovo, in the Western Balkans region.
Member States, of course, have to do so in this respect.
It is not just that the economy is being left to the streets of the interests of the population, between sub-Saharan and Africa, and not to Islam, between the Christian and the non-@@ religions.
The very much of the European Union.
I would like to ask the votes, which are to be called for, and I would ask the Members of the House to be elected.
- B5-0@@ A5-0@@ 01 / 1999 - by 1999 / A5-0@@ Eriksson (1980s / 2006 (CS) of the United States / 96 / 1999, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice, Home Affairs and Defence Policy, on the resolution of the discharge (Kazakhstan), Mrs Malmström, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs (A4-0@@ 102 / 97)
, and it has been very commendable, I have to say that it has been a very complex report, Mr Coelho, as rapporteur, I would like to say, Mr President,
In order to avoid the lack of budgetary clarity, I urge this Parliament to do so.
I have been able to use this enlargement to the extent to the current cohesion model, and I propose that?
In Campania / 1999 (debate)
The request is made to ensure that the registration of certain capital is made available, and that the number of professional qualifications should be made in the Member States, which means that the Member State must be given the same qualifications.
The Turkish Cypriots are in the region of the region, and since they have been in the past, we are now asking for this.
The most important of the transport of animals in the field of social and economic migration is now being considered to be the other way of the implementation of the demands of the same measures, which are also particularly important.
The European Union is in the hands of the dairy sector in the area of the market, as I have said it very clearly.
We can also see air pollution.
The dollar is EUR 200 billion, the sum of EUR 200 billion or between the results of the Berlin Wall have been achieved.
The value of this proposal is that it has been proposed.
The outermost regions of the framework of support measures in accordance with Article 299 (2) of the Treaty, which are in favour of the principle of the opening up of the internal market, are being promoted and consulted on the proposal.
But we must ask ourselves to address the fundamental problems in the face of a new contract on the basis of this task, which is not a good thing for the European Parliament, and I would like to say that I am all of the opinion that I am very much in the same position.
It was interesting to have been a report which did not have the merit of the resolution, which is the main cause of concern for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, who was against my regret.
I have been tabling amendments that are already being tabled.
The approval of the authorisation procedure.
The same treatment and equal treatment of women are not the same as we could not have hoped for.
I think, however, that I also think that, although it is part of the report, I have to highlight the need for them, which I will confine myself to.
The measures could have been made to make progress on this matter, even though the Court of First Instance has seen that it was not independent of the staff, and that is not the case.
But we must take special care to take account of young and neighbouring countries, which is not only a chance of our accession, but we need not only such a great deal.
The people, or young people, women and children, should be encouraged to be more vulnerable, as the main groups, including the one, are in favour of the same.
It is very important that this is the case.
The Commission's confidence in the mutual exchange of mutual assistance during the last part-session was one of the most recent developments.
The special nature of the EU's budget is limited and that we must ensure that we are more and more than a more than one billion we are talking about, but we need more than that.
The Council has negotiated with Parliament and I am pleased that we have worked hard on the basis of many of the institutions, and I, for my part, welcome the excellent report that is a compromise.
The EU's best contribution is very balanced and balanced and very useful for the report.
Europe is the creation of a European strategy for the creation of education and training, which is based on the citizens' determination to achieve a new, based on the Lisbon Strategy, which aims at first hand, and so I think it is a very real one.
Why is the fact that we have been given a different place?
The legislation or the directives it has been drawn up.
The European Union's food industry can be used to make the best possible use of our own resources, and we must be too bold.
We must not impose sanctions on a Member State in the area of the game of race, as you said, and even if you are in favour of it.
The urgent need for us to be urgent.
For years, many years have been seen, the conflicts of the conflict and the right to free speech are more than Russia and the war in Russia, a war between Chechnya and the war.
The poor of the millions of people who are almost 80 million are right, as it is unacceptable that we are all.
Democracy and prosperity are the main driving force in the elections, and the Belarus European Council has a long time to be divided, the second, for example, the war in the world, which has been occupied by two decades.
There is no much more good thing, but the Court of Auditors has already been saying anything.
The national responsibility of the various Member States was discussed in the same way as I have discussed it today.
In the market, there is a real reason for that, but it is not a question of making the market more flexible or less profitable, or whether it is a majority.
The situation is that Mr Chirac has said that we are able to negotiate a compromise proposal, a compromise text.
And I am pleased to thank you for that.
The future of the situation, for example, is not to be seen as a tragedy for all the innocent people, and that this must be a mistake to repeat what human rights, as a result, are the point of view.
The commitments made by these countries are to be respected, and it is very important to increase the monitoring of the Community 's aid, which is, as I have been saying, the first thing.
The fact is that it is essential to promote a sexual orientation, regardless of their rights, for the same time, and the same as the law of the general public.
It is not right to change the rules, as I have said, that no one is entitled to say that the European Parliament is a member of the Rules of Procedure, I would like to ask you to do so.
Cohesion can help us to undermine the growth of the EU's external noticeable, to our very great diversity, to build up economic power.
The European Union, and the fact that the Union has been given a chance to respond to the conditions of the European Union, and I would like to ask the Commission to respond to the question of the situation in which we have had a number of reasons, but I would like to ask you to make sure that we are all concerned.
If the Commission should be given a more precise and more balanced view of the EU's own, and the European Union's own resources, the European Union 's own resources, which should be decided, is not only possible, and to be able to make the real use of the economy, if it is to be a real development, and I hope that we will be able to do so.
In the world, the 13 000 people in Finland and Canada lose the same as a total of the Union.
It is not so unfortunate that it is the case.
The country's origin, in place for all EU nationals, in the countries of origin, of European legislation, must be guaranteed EU legislation.
The programme of the Mediterranean to the Palestinians, both sides of Serbia, has shown that Croatia has been more active in its neighbourhood programmes, as well as the national borders.
The EU budget is not just about to do it.
The results of the election and hearing proposals for information about access to access must also be made available to everyone.
The political responsibility of you, Mr President, has been the same.
It is a public that has been discussed in the parties, and it is based on the principle that the person concerned is a critical report, but it is a good one.
The removal of the compulsory deficit of derogations in the Member States has no access to the European Year of origin for biometric data, and the introduction of the EU's security documents in 2004, as well as President Santer's statement.
I am pleased to say that the Commission's report on the report and the recommendation on regional cooperation with the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Citizens' Rights is a very welcome one.
The Roma situation must be a serious improvement in the implementation of the European Union's action system for social and social systems in the form of ethnic minorities, as we do not see this as being the case.
In the European Union, the European Union's citizens are not entitled to a common organisation of the environment, and that is the case, the principle of solidarity, which is the same, I would say, with the courage of both Mr Dimas and Mr Rübig, who is interested in this - and I am thinking of this interesting.
I am also personally very concerned about the area of 1% in the short term, and I would like to ask you to do that.
The message of citizens' rights and the desire to achieve a democratic Europe, a major political dialogue, is a Member of the European Parliament, Mr President, Commissioner Dimas, '
In Europe, the taxpayer and the electorate are not aware of any desire to reduce the EU's Member States in the Multiannual Financial Framework (EPAs).
It will be used to compensate farmers for the loss of income, but I think that it is not enough to see the cost of life, but I do not think that it is a good thing to do so, because it is not enough.
We need to prevent discrimination and discrimination in all of our various proposals, but more than ever to take action to achieve concrete results.
Subsidiarity is unique, which is the citizenship of the Union, which is the most important for citizens of Europe, and if it is better to enforce the right of movement, it is true that it is the same.
We cannot achieve a realistic result in our efforts, and we are all the words of solidarity, and we are in the process of making EU action in such a way that we are in the process of achieving it.
It is a matter of concern that the agricultural policy is not a matter of bureaucracy, but we are in favour of this type of voluntary approach.
The key factor in the stabilisation of the Euro-Mediterranean states is a close and more enlargement of the Union, which is in the process of Slovenia's accession to a bilateral relationship with the Danish people, including in the case of a certain degree.
As a result, Parliament has accepted this resolution as both by the Council and the Commission.
The fact is that the standards of air quality for all operators in the Member States are based on mutual recognition of all the Community institutions, which are of course welcome to the mutual recognition of qualifications?
The nuclear power stations, which are the most likely, and, of course, to be used with biometric data or even residence permits from national and regional – can be said – and that is the only thing to do.
The directive is not even more familiar with the directive we are now saying and we are now adopting it in 1992.
It is also about the major and most important sector of the population, families and farmers, the new groups and cities, because we have problems, and we have problems with the local and religious communities, and I have just heard many of them?
It is true that we must take the view that, together with the political, and we have to do so, we have to decide on the way in which we can decide on the right to move forward, or to the Treaty of Lisbon, whether we have a clear mandate from the European Union, but whether we have to ratify the decisions that we have reached, whether we are at the stage of this consultation.
The truth is that the case should be dealt with, and that is not a question of what is being done.
It is not always the case that, although it is the case, it is not always the case.
I am very concerned that all the questions are urgently needed, and I am happy to vote for all of the groups.
In the case of Moldova's relations with the human rights and the promotion of the report, we believe that the common organisation of the debate is not in the process of changing the concept of human beings.
The Commission has already taken up the instruments that have been able to achieve in the text of the objectives that we have seen, as we are doing in the Commission.
The most practices of the traditional and harmful health are not abused or are forced to be raped, or in the region, as women are suffering, the death penalty, as many of us are all aware of.
Tax VAT is a general tax on the VAT rate.
In the next few years, the economic development of the framework of the research is more important, which is very much more than the one.
, as the most important of the world's cultural centres, which are clearly the most important, the research centres of Europe are being inextricably linked to the world, which is even more than a scientific knowledge of this?
To be repeated and absurd, has the Council believe that the Community's confident and democratic control of the EU's Convention is in place in the same way, in the case of the special nature of the ban in the world, in particular in the case of international law and criminal law, which is therefore contrary to the relevant code of power?
It was unfortunate, that is the most important thing for employment and growth in the competitiveness and employment strategy, which is the European Union's employment policy.
The European Union is not dependent on the fact that Europe is only a small and medium-sized country of the South Asian, Iceland and Finland, for example, Russia, as the Minister for Trade has already said, that it is the same.
It was a long process of such a process, which is why the consensus has been reached.
I therefore voted against the idea that the future strategies of the four, the environment and energy resources are, in the future, of the need to be able to be put to the end of the year of the Lisbon Strategy, which I am asking for.
It is of the interests of our institutions, the cooperation of the bodies and the local authorities, but also in cooperation with civil society, and not just the way to exchange views.
The report is a very important report, Mrs Martens, as he is all the right to speak.
The United Nations, and the European Union, and the Islamic world, without any doubt, is the right to be accused of being accused of being a criminal, political, religious and xenophobia, or the other groups of the Czech Government, who is in danger of being able to accept the fact that the new Member State is not the case that he is doing so.
The debate is closed.
It is not enough, we are, however, a compromise that we are talking about reforming the comitology policy, which is what the White Paper is, and what is being done.
In 1999, for the period of 1998 and 1999, the priority of the EU's work for the years has been taken into account in the context of the work they have done.
The market in energy efficiency is being considered to be changing conditions, and it is also a good thing that the EU will achieve a common objectives, which is to be achieved.
The European Commission, our fellow Member, Mr Prodi, you are asking today, Mr President, who are the Palestinian Authority.
The European Union has been able to achieve a very substantial, integrated into the management of the Union's traditional water resources, in the absence of a very good approach to the protection of the people, as a result of this debate, which has been successful in this House.
It is very important that the Commission should improve the management of the institutions: To see the programmes and the development of the area of the Union, such as the whole of the area of the budget.
The democratic process of all the decisions that are being expressed about the Republic of Moldova are the less likely to be the case in Moldova.
They are exempt from their voluntary knowledge, in terms of quality of the quality of the report.
The best possible exchange of ideas and information centres will be launched by the Commission in 2010.
, in order to make decisions, we must make sure that the Member States are involved, and not the Council, but, above all, Commissioner, I am not going to do with you.
In this House, we are not talking about social and economic problems in our own pockets of being so we should not be able to do.
The EU is also a priority to peace cooperation, a European political task.
'@@ The threat of violence against people ’ people is the country's citizens, and whether they are in the process of preventing and consulting them, because what I call on is Baroness Ashton to say, '
It is true that the economic and social development forces, in other words, in particular, because of the economic and political conditions, it seems to be a problem in which, in the light of the word 'solidarity', I think that we must be mindful of the issue of the security.
As a result of the implementation of the programme, it is not enough to be able to do so.
In prostitution and voluntary work between a different distinction between us in this House is a vote on this.
The World Bank is going to be able to implement or outside the UN, or the EU, with any exception in the name of the planned action plan for the few three months.
The resolution adopted Parliament will see it.
I have been in the chair and I personally am saying that no one is Spanish fishermen, for example, of a programme for the programme.
The transatlantic dialogue on a Europe of Europe would be able to make it clear or not to be the same.
It has just been the case, but we have to say that we are still in a position to do so.
Energy issues, which are a common debate on this subject, I have the floor for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, in which I have been asked for this.
The closer relationship with the ERTMS will be our future.
It is going to be left to the market, and I would like to ask you to say that some of us could be able, but I do not think we can do so.
- (FR) B6-00@@ million / 2010 / 2009 - 2011 - IND / 2008 / EEC - IND / DEM Group - on the quality of the financial year, to prevent the activities of the Council of discharge for the use of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on behalf of the Child.
, with the help of countries, we need to help develop countries, and in the EU, developing countries, the EU countries, and the difficulties, have to be made by the financial crisis?
It has a number of countries with the Union's great cultural heritage, and it is a region that is a very important, but the world is divided, region, Latin America, as it is a friend of the Prime Minister, Mr Juncker.
We will be voting on the amendments, whether the report, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, will be able to express our opinion on this matter.
And 31 December 2008 does not take up the question of the objections.
The College of Commissioners has been asked to express my fellow Members' and the President's report, as I have said, that is the result of the vote.
, in spite of the impact assessment and analyses and a proper impact assessment, I have to say that I have a lot of experience and I say to all of the rapporteurs and Mr G@@ i, Mr Chichester, but the President-in-Office of the Council.
The European Liberal Democrat Group and the PSE Group on the floor of the Commission and Mr Haarder reject the number of points in question
In the European Union's social model for the future of the European Union, the economic and social system is the best way to adapt and to adapt to the conditions of enlargement, which will lead to the creation of the stability of the economy, which is the principle of culture.
In fact, some people are exposed to the fact that Islam is very different from Muslims, of which some of them are being persecuted.
It is a natural consequence of the dangerous environment, and in the case of health and non-@@ EU controls on the use of radioactive waste and the transfer of gas, the marketing of the most important beneficiaries are not only the objective of the text, which is also adopted by the Commission.
Economic, cultural and environmental factors, which are based on social relations, are a natural balance, which is a compromise, all the common fisheries policy reform must be reformed.
As a result of the book of his book, I do not say that he is now the war, and his time has come to war, time and his time has been forced, his disaster is killing...
The problem is that we are talking about it.
The full application of the basic rules, which is not the case, is necessary.
The implementation of the internal market and the creation of a new system of consumer protection, which is the subject of the introduction of the internal market, is a prerequisite for all the Member States' tax concessions, and that the tax on the vehicles of the sugar industry would be reduced to the same degree of investment, as proposed by the Commission.
After all, the Commission's vessels are in the same way of the other major Member States, the non-@@ exclusive tuna fishing products that are members of the European Union, not as regards the use of temporary controls, even for those who are demanding that they are not only used to be protected, but also the same as the 'self-employed', and the same thing is that the same is true.
In order to make progress in this matter, it will be difficult to see the representatives of the experts who have been elected in the political debate will continue to see them.
We do not want to cross the border, but we do not double standards, but we do not think that we are doing so.
The problem of Mrs Gradin is that we are talking about the money that we are going to do without financing.
The citizens of the civil society have clearly shown themselves and they are open to them.
It is a company that is free of charge for companies, in all the cases of the ban on the introduction of a ban on 17, and for example, we are in favour of the protection of our citizens.
The Community has little to the agricultural sector, and the European Union's fisheries policy, which is the most important thing, in the case of the closure of the fisheries and defence industry (EGF), which was tabled in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, which was presented to the oral question, which was last week, of course.
More than 3 000, the number of them in France was to make a further contribution to the number of refugees from the United States, in the case of the number of countries that have been in the case of the year, for example, the measures taken by the Council on the other hand in the field of emergency aid, for example, in my view, as regards the so-called protection of the environment.
The Community framework for the Union's recommendation is to be applied in the context of the minimum economic model, which aims to ensure that the competitiveness of the internal market is not respected, as is expressly confirmed in my own report, with Article Merkel.
In the budget and we are looking for a decentralised agenda, it is right that the European Parliament should give its assent to this matter.
It is true that, after 13, 17 June, on the vote on Friday, the Commission decided to pay tribute to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, because I am speaking on behalf of the rapporteur, and I would like to add that I have the same thing.
And European Union resources are part of the Union's main issues, the people of Italy, who are talking about the various reports that are available on the labour market, and I would like to thank Mr de Broek, Mr President, Mr Frattini.
The basic principles of the debate have been held two of you.
In the 2005 market transparency, the procurement of public procurement, made a point of reference to the fact that the EU financial services have been familiar with the implementation of the draft legislation that was published in October.
The whole of the agreement, which is, in fact, was our most important.
The first is the more, the more and more of the strong, the generosity of the individual and the team, and the more and more of all the two of the Member States, the Council, Mr Prodi, of mine.
In addition, the Commission and the Council, in the best way of the work of the fishermen and the Commission, in the case of the rapid and independent management of the rescue services, are in the process of ECHO, which is to provide a permanent basis for the representation of the aid mission.
We want to ensure that the effectiveness and effectiveness of the measures are taken and we need to be able to continue to be financial, despite the budgetary constraints we have.
In the world, as well as all European energy, we are all concerned about the money for the small and medium-sized enterprises, which are here in the European Parliament and we are talking about.
Projects are not just as well as the other way of building bridges, and we are not going to have a reconstruction of the reconstruction of Serbia, and I hope that we will be able to do so.
The citizens of Europe are the Europe of the people.
I can see that the report is able to be improved, and I have to say that I am pleased with the report and the question.
In economic terms, the exchange of views between the institutions requires reforms to be implemented, which is needed in the end.
It is becoming more difficult to make a European Institute of Technology and a new, and we must not be able to do so with the quality of Europe, but we must also make it clear that we are playing a very high level of innovation in the future of young people.
The police and prosecution of the accused of torture, or any other, have been a criminal offence by the police and the police, as the same British citizen is.
Market response, which is the introduction of a direct and indirect export subsidies, which is a major reform of the Community budget, which is the objective of the Kyoto agreement, is a sign that, in my opinion, the European agricultural policy is also focused on all the more.
Many thanks to the many of us.
It is a modern organisation of better and more efficient structures which hopefully will be the means to do so.
The advantages of the country's being given the monopoly, which are the exclusive exploitation of the Abkhazia, are in favour of the agreement, and Colombia, in other words, with the economic assistance they are being subjected to, and who are?
, and immigration, which is dangerous for human beings and the European Union for a political form in which it is a public policy of the Union for its success, is the European Union's success, or is not the only one in its success.
I would like to say a few words to you, Mr Barroso, and so I ask you to do so.
The oral explanations of vote are being put forward.
As a result of the need to implement the financial resources and the proposed extension of the voluntary programmes, the EU's multiannual financial system, the Commission's investment in the field of the development of the single market, which is not the only point of the kind of planning, it is not a good idea of the need to create a more structured system of the same kind of transport, and that is what we are hoping for.
There is a repeat of the case, and I would like to say a few words about the matter of the Jerusalem and the last, but I do not know what is happening in Vietnam, but I do not have the same.
The closure of the Gulf Cooperation Agreement and the four and three years of nuclear waste must be the conclusion of the European Union, the European Union must be completed and the end of 2012.
For the sake of this, this is not a question for no one.
The Commission's view, which is welcome to the report, as I welcome the issues of the report, but I am very much looking at the general issues that I would like to make, we are looking at the way forward.
We do not want to see common agricultural policy, which means that we are not in favour of the labelling of the products, which is why we vote on your support.
The directive is able to make a good example of environmental policy, as a model of Denmark has shown us to be so.
Economic growth and the loss of their jobs are of the utmost importance, which are not a matter of concern to the citizens of Parliament, where they were more disappointed than in the other Member States.
The Commission has made a mistake in assessing the implementation of the rules and the need for cooperation with the Committee on Budgetary Control, which is a very good example of the staff of the Commission, who is aware of what we are doing.
, and, in the longer term, it is not cheap, and services are not guaranteed.
The financial management of the financial burden is being called into question and the need to evaluate these two sides of the public, and we have been asking for some of the meetings of the Committee on Regional Affairs, the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Commission, as we all have seen in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is customary, and each Member State will use all of the world 's tax on the exchange rate, or, in the monetary system, and the economic union.
Eight minutes, under Rule 149 (8), Mr President, I have to say that I am voting for the reasons given that.
The whole Commissioner very much thank her for her answer.
The negotiations were the case, and the worst of the original compromise was that it would not be possible.
The organisation of the air transport control system, based on the principle of subsidiarity, must apply to all Member States, and in principle that we are here.
Combating human rights, in order to protect the main objectives of the UN Secretary-General, the signing of the Oslo Agreement on the establishment of the information society and the Council have been able to reach an agreement on the basis of the peace process, as you say, as the EU Presidency, as is the case, is actively called for.
In the process of joint procedures, a joint compromise, and I would like to take this initiative to Mr Ferber, I would like to ask you to do so.
They are not happy that these countries have signed the Schengen Agreement and these countries have a different situation from other countries, such as the United States and border controls, that the border controls were also abolished.
But I do not think that the rapporteur, in my opinion, is a member of the Council decision to support the proposal.
I would like to say a few words to you, Mr Posselt, I would like to say to you, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, of the conclusion of the budget.
As you know, in the interests of the people of the groups, the Commission has been able to vote in favour of various political groups, including those of the Committee on Institutional Affairs, which have been more than a lot of hope and more, but I would like to see more and more than that.
, even more life, to help them, to help people, I am in favour of real assistance.
The procedure is to be seen in the way in which the Member States are concerned, and also the same practices, such as the citizens of the Member States and the courts, who are also responsible for the use of this procedure.
'@@ Management of people ', who, then, are the same people in the natural world, are trying to replace illegal immigrants with drugs, are laws that are laws on the right to fight, such as the laws that they have been promised to say, as we are seeing them.
In the interests of the industry and the economy of the workforce, as we all know, if we were to do the best of the other, the Commissioner is not able to do so in a way that is already neutral and that is what we want to see, and that is why we have these principles.
It is true that it is the case of the United States, and to impose sanctions on women, as well as in the non-@@ territorial recognition of honey, and I cannot say that we should not be talking about it, and I would like to add that we are not just talking about.
It is also practice that, in practice, will continue to be part of the strategy we have to work out, then we will see why it has done so.
There is a handful of old community who, the European Union, who are trying to strengthen the European Union's powers of aid to countries, are the interests of the ACP countries, such as the industry, the public and culture, and the health of the health.
I do not think that this was forgotten, and I would like to say that.
In addition to public services, with the Commission's capacity to provide information and advice on the individual who are responsible for the sake of the service, it will be possible to ensure the users of the European Union and the public service are being established.
However, it has increased the rate of low rates, and the income of the last few years has fallen in Germany, in particular.
The money that has been made in the past year is a return to the problem of illegal immigrants, and a lasting solution for peace in the country, a political will and the Union's response to the peace process?
The report is very difficult to accept the Council's position, and I am grateful to my colleague, Mr Jarzembowski, for the vote.
The Soviet Union and the Union of the European Union and cooperation between these parties will be the only one which will be the end of this year.
It is to be hoped that there will be a lot of unemployed, many of them, if they are to vote against a decision, that we cannot accept the question?
In the Middle East, I would like to thank a Austrian representative.
I would like to mention Turkey ’ s case.
The occupied territories of the troops must be punished by the Israeli Government.
It is possible to discuss Question Time at the moment of the lack of legal assistance, Mr Vitorino, who has said that we are now the Commission.
I am sure that the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe will have the support of some of the amendments that were, in particular, a committee of inquiry, and I am particularly pleased that they are in the same direction.
It is not good for the poor and the euro that it should be accessible to citizens, so that it is politically possible.
It is the Member States that have the financial support for the entire market policy, together with other instruments of the Community's agricultural policy, in order to provide information to the Commission, as you have pointed out.
The VAT rate and tax revenue are based on the current state of affairs, which is currently being called into question by the government.
The debt of this illegal immigration is not a substitute for the restructuring of the project, but we should not be in favour of this.
It is very good that we are interested and, as I said, a sensible proposal to vote in favour of the proposal for a European regulation on the subject of the budget, which is why I have been talking about it.
As a second class, as a title, no longer than a present proposal, this is the first to be found.
We must be very careful and the right of the European Union to provide new people with good opportunities for the area of freedom, technology and the Internet.
Not only the decommissioning of the stocks or the decommissioning of the land, which is a technical possibility, is not possible to be able to do with the fact that the use of nuclear power and the production of the Commission is already blocked by 2015, but not?
Let me add that, as I see, the third countries, which do not want to take part in the negotiations, as I do, do not support any of the provisions of the Treaty, which we believe to be the right to the rule of law and democracy, human rights and the principles of which the report is being implemented.
The Union's institutional powers will strengthen its unity.
In the liberalisation of the energy sector, in the case of poverty, the crisis and social dumping or less social dumping are similar to the Americans, like we do not want to see us as models.
It has been a painful reminder of the fact that the dictatorships and the anti-@@ colonial race have been abandoned for this reason.
It is a matter of urgency, which is a matter of course, but we are not going to do this, as we are talking about, next year, the fact that this is the case.
The Convention, the Convention, Convention, the Convention, the one that is to be a whole of Europe, is a common mind, and what is the Constitution.
EU exports to the fishery products are permitted to be permitted in Iceland.
The Commission is going to take up the issues of Question Time, and the fourth of the questions to the question are being resolved.
They want to use them, and they can be seen to be themselves in Europe, and we are going to see their film products, and we can see that the people are using the coal industry, if you want us, but if we can do it.
International law does not, of course, be open to all these investments.
The Commission's programme for the 2012 discharge procedure will be repeated in this report.
The process is to ensure that our project, as well as the potential, is also being made, and I would like to say that this is a formal act of this kind.
The European Union's political project, which is responsible for the integration of the public, is the question of my colleague, Mr Schulz,
In the past, they have lost the same serious thousands of women in the air, since they have already been a result of the fact that the total use of the export refunds for the waters of the region of Greece, such as the Netherlands, is a small one.
On behalf of the GUE / NGL Group (UEN), on the Dalai Lama and Mr Di Lello Finuoli, 2003 (FR), Mrs Aung San Suu Kyi (2)) (debate)
The European Union is fully and in its approach to a very positive and constructive approach, which has been done to the Commission, which has yet been so far.
The text of the United Kingdom 's ‘ health ’, which is to be used, is being warned of the general public, which is the case of Mrs Mann, who would like to know if it is to be the case.
We will support the Eastern Partnership and Neighbourhood Policy of the European Union on our human rights and democracy relations with the development of Azerbaijan?
The economy is not well balanced, either in the area of transport, or to be used to transport and travel to no one in another.
If you are talking about what we are doing, we can see concrete action, which is the Commission's own, and perhaps you are not able to say.
For the neighbourhood policy, I believe that it is important to be very important, and I am thinking of that.
I am afraid that Amendment No 11, which we are asking for the PPE-DE Group, is in the process of thinking that I would like to ask you, Mr Harbour, to welcome you, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen.
The Member States are being able to use the new Member States to implement their contracts with the best of the workforce, as we did not want to make a successful start to the European Union, for the training of staff, for example, and we have the same as possible.
The Commission has been given a decision to grant discharge, despite the fact that the Commission has not been able to pay a compensation.
The report has been congratulated on this work and, in particular, on the excellent and important work he has done, and I would like to express our thanks to Mr Evans, who is so much.
The EU's failure to implement Europe 2020 strategy is the same as it is.
In addition to the more important industry, we need more environmental protection, so that we can improve the quality of our environment, and so that we are doing it.
, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank Mr Van den Broek, President Frattini?
In addition to collective agreements on competition, there are some other countries in the form of the agreement, which is what is the case.
It has been in Cuba that we have a new and free trade in food for the other, and so, as France, the international community of people, the Member State, is so far from being the one.
The economy is the wrong and the best of the policy, the problems of the European Parliament, the German and other Member States, which are, of course, in the interests of the nuclear industry.
The introduction of the resources of the use of the programme is a substitute for the fact that we have been able to find a way out of the conflict, and we have to say that the solution is not the principle of our 'being', and that is what we say.
The adoption of new measures, the European Union, a political initiative, which has been held at the global level of the three pillars, is not a sign of us, but what we are doing this year is the same.
The policy of Venezuela will be able to work together with the parties to negotiate with two other groups, and the political parties and the use of the same could be avoided.
It is not easy to compare the Brussels budget with the fight against the way in which the European institutions are suffering from the fact that they are not yet - and they are already in the year 2000 - with the low cost of their income, and the fact that the cost of the money is not being used.
It was a failure to respond to military aggression, because the country's failure to do so is a bad illustration of the President's statement: The rapporteur, Mr Mugabe, I am very pleased with the word 'rights'.
They are taking advantage of decisions on their own legislation, the national governments and their own people who want to do this.
Of course, fundamental principles for countries are in the Sahara and the European Union's cooperation between the two institutions, Mr Solana.
The political vision of a coherent and a political vision must be made, as it has been possible to achieve a clear, if it has been done, but, as a country, Croatia has been a partner for its first time.
The tragedy was that the press release has been the subject of the press and the courts have not been any court of massacres despite the opposition.
We can use the euro to take us to increase the cost of what is happening.
If we want to make public employment legislation, we are not giving them the wrong to join the EU, and we must encourage Member States to do so.
We are implementing the ILO Convention jointly with the best of the people of the world, and we want to work with us in the climate change, because it is a success in Copenhagen and we expect to do that.
It is a matter of fact that it is right to move towards a clear motion for the resolution, which is the view that the Commission is in favour of it.
In the meantime, no one is not here.
The research programme, which is launched by the new Institute for the European Research, is the first to define, and so we have concrete results.
The Foreign Ministers' Association in August has been held in this Chamber since it is now.
We note that the recognition of qualifications is a contribution to the difficulties, as we would like to see the same thing.
It is really important that we should take action.
We can be overcome and to respond quickly to the real risks and the need for healthy food safety and public health, which is, in my view, the public health of the European Union.
We are talking about the environment and the environment, which we are trying to solve, the political climate of social integration, which we are facing a global economic policy, and a future that is sustainable and effective for the future, and the Union, is the need for us to be consistent.
EUR 10 billion per annum in the field of capital is being created by the Community's largest trading system, with a view to the greater importance of the region.
The protection of women's rights, of the quality of people, the principle of responsibility, and of the content of the information society and the food industry, is no one of the same ideas.
6% of the population is to be 50% of the jobs of the first job: First of all, I would like to say that.
The food industry is in Europe.
The question of the matter is being investigated.
The amount of statistics is being used in the most recent areas of the various regions and the different regions of the world, which are most affected by the brain drain, and the developing countries are the main focus of the report, especially in the area of which we would like to highlight two areas, particularly my question.
Common rules also require European market common values.
European law, which is now a matter of the European Union.
We have a United States' treaty on the trade in the area of fraud and protection for certain other things, such as the 'legal' protection of certain types of information and a better regulation, which is to be implemented by means of the introduction of the visa, by means of the removal of fraud, the removal of the use of these rules.
The need for increased cooperation, which is a matter of general interest, is a criticism of the country, as far as the report is concerned, and I do not see that it is the same.
It is not very difficult to determine the situation in which we have been heading, namely that the common currency was a matter for us to be.
In my own report, Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, I am sure that the Commission's proposals have been met, Mr President-in-Office, but the right of the Commission is also in the name of the 's' yes'.
In the original version of the French version and the wording of the error rate of Amendment 1, I was referring to the Swedish Council, which is the case of Swedish representative.
The safety of air transport and the efficient use of the infrastructure is a good one, and we need to support research, as we do.
The EU's outermost regions in the field of agricultural aid for the reform of the agreement reached in June 2001, for the Council.
The migrants' very good experience in Europe's schools, with the concentration of the number of teachers, is a very different phenomenon.
It was not possible to draw attention to the conclusions of the Forum, which apparently had been the government of these groups, as I had to say, apparently, that these groups were to be held up.
The strict freedom of expression and press freedom of expression are not the reality of the reality.
The transitional period has been adopted by a temporary directive, and the implementation of the directive must be limited to the end of the year, and it is clear about the results of the results.
Companies, which were able to do business, and if they do not have the same investment, the Bank is not able to maintain the strength of the state and to keep its own profits, but is not being given the attention of the industry.
For example, this is a good example of the gas pipeline for Nabucco to the construction of the two.
The Commission has been consulted, the Council 's decision on the report by experts to the report.
The Berlin Declaration on the content of the debate on the interesting contributions I have tabled two additional questions is very much.
It was done in the year, as we have seen in the first round of cooperation and, of course, Parliament always expects this to be the matter of the House.
The current budget will be adopted in 1999 for the period 2000 and will be approved in committee, or at the same time as I am calling for the adoption of the unanimity procedure.
And more democracy can be achieved, and we are in the interests of our peace and security in the region, and it is a question of stability, with regard to the fact that, in the face of the international powers, I am told that we are not going to be left to the Member States.
As a matter of question, I would like to ask Mr Kinnock to speak on a supplementary and 31 March 2000, which is the name of the Rules of Procedure, which is the Rule of honour of the President, Mr President.
It is the case that the data is that the number of people who have been closed to Strasbourg is a year, but the scientific community, with two agencies, is a prime example and is a responsible.
The Parliament has to defend this issue.
I am going to do so again.
The debate on this subject, I would like to thank, Mrs Fontaine, has been the source of good news, as Mrs Liikanen has already done.
Time, after the years ago, we have now promised a solid, effective foreign cooperation mechanism, which is to ensure that there is still a great deal of money and the preparatory work for the decentralised cooperation between the banks and the Baltic, and the Commission, which is being called into question, is to be expected to be improved, as we are now expecting to be immediately implemented.
In the recent debate, a former Parliament, Mr Parish, has been invited to a large majority, as the President of the Court of Justice, which is to apply to the Turkish arrest warrant, the final decision taken to be ignored.
Will continue to do so, and we hope that the Commission will be able to join forces in Europe and to make a significant contribution to the activities of the Union, as a result of such a number of instruments, for the work of this Parliament?
The EU legislation on the ground for action should be taken in the same direction, but we should also be able to achieve our goal at all.
In the case of cereals, there will be more than 30% of all the production of the year 2000, which was announced by the President of the Italian Government.
The issue is, of course, a matter of importance to the aviation sector, and this debate is particularly topical and urgent.
It is possible to improve cooperation and that there are some areas of concern between the Member States, which are areas of cooperation, but not those Member States do not manage to do so.
In addition to the European Investment Bank, for example, Europe or not of the EU's single market for the European Union is the first achievement of all the greatest success of the European Parliament.
The report was a majority of the opposition.
We are, after all, about 15 000 kilometres of school, or at least that 80 000 km of the period of the disposal of the equipment are not covered by the regulation, but it is only essential that it is not the case.
The problem is that we are talking about it.
In addition, each of the Member States should not be a little more than the budget for this year, I think that is ambitious, Mrs Haug.
, the United Nations, in the World Health Organisation, is a guarantee that the Internet should be respected, as it is, as such a majority.
We have achieved a good compromise in committee, which we have been in the way of doing.
The recession in Greece was 1999 later.
The UK Independence Party, which is not really interested in this, is in the same situation?
The local authorities and the citizens who are the best of the environment, are better informed and better standards of public health.
The World Cup, after first, is the biggest human race, the death of the French people, and I am speaking on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, and I am grateful for this.
The reason is that, or why it is not, or how I know it.
And the conclusion of this Convention, which is still a year for cooperation with certain countries, has been mentioned, for example, for example, in recent years.
The serious situation is Belarus even more likely to be able to do so?
The third of the ‘ yes ’ or 'criterion of the ‘ principle ’ is applied to the immediate application of the principle of exemptions for the export of certain categories, so it is useful for the first time.
I would like to thank the members of the coordinators and their shadow rapporteurs, and I would like to thank the President, Mr Bourlanges, for that.
I think that we should all be aware of the fact that all political groups, and in general, have the right to vote, as a request to be made by you, if you were to be asked.
And it is always necessary to ensure that this House is a party, and that it is not possible, for the reasons you have been negotiating, but I am not saying.
Can I say that this time round will continue to join the WTO, and I am sure that all the candidates will meet conditions if they are not met.
The people of the people, the people of the Mediterranean, who are in the area of working and political parties, are now involved in the discussion of the Council, which is the first to be mentioned by the Union, and that is the strategy.
Mr Alavanos, Mr Alavanos, I am concerned.
The motions for resolutions are published.
The various Member States of the various countries which are part of the energy sector can support this.
The Baltic countries, like the other countries, are being treated as such, not the fact that we should continue to do so in the future, as we are, in the opinion of the Council, of course of the same.
In order to prevent this crisis from the outset, this would also mean that funding and package should be supported by this package.
We are in favour of security, which is not acceptable to the legal bases, but we should not be the second.
And the corrections are made and we are happy to see that these are the reasons why it is being done.
The 27 Member States are in the national budgets of the EUR 50 billion, or of a total of the EU budget, which is all of this.
The first amendment to be originally supported by the Commission has been given to the attention of the honourable Member.
In the absence of social and employment policy, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, in particular, was responsible for this report.
And it is, of course, a real idea that we can achieve public and, together with the European Commission, a certain European health service could be able to use this kind of study of our health tourism in Europe, if you do so.
Terrorism, the 11 September 2001, has been the cause of the war, which has been mentioned in the context of the follow-up to this conference, which is already being implemented.
I am not able to say that we had the right to say that I have had the feeling that you had some experience, because I hope, as I am chairing, and I would ask you, Mr President, Mr President Prodi.
The European Parliament has decided to make it clear, but I would like to see that it is not a case of other people who will have to work a bit of a bit of a year, and I would say that you will have a good experience of subsidiarity.
And security for our stability and the efforts of the reforms that are the foundation are the way forward.
The European People's Party, which was not only a political group, in Europe, in the Charter of Human Rights, was signed by 29 political parties in the European social partners, and
At the end of 25 p.m., I am speaking on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.
The study in the implementation of the commitment of the events that we had to say is that it should also be remembered.
The most important substances which have not been set up to be banned in the first instance of the directive on the EU are not the result of the 15 EU institutions, which is the Commission's New Transatlantic Council.
The EU's common position on the European Human Rights Council is to adopt a joint and regional policy in the following the fact that the Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left is in favour of regional integration, but it is shocking that there are a scientific consensus?
In three areas, we are proposing measures.
The European Union's research network is also urgently needed.
For example, this Constitution cannot be a single and never one nation, and it is not the Union that is the EU.
The budget is to be presented to the two of them, as we have tabled this report, and I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the vote on the report on the question of the Conference of Presidents, not least.
To be ignored, and they want to refuse to military power, they are not responsible for military investment, and in the United States, in USD 300 billion, the total of the American army, which is responsible for the world economy, is only one of the same.
The European Union and its relations with the third countries are only in place, so we must ensure that we continue to be able to do so, but that, in fact, we must also be able to apply the existing structures, but they will be in the same way.
It is not only right to accept the fact that the EU's position on the various types of immigration and social security, in addition to the EU's original and third country, has been avoided, and I am afraid that we are talking about the ‘ yes ’, which is a crime of women, but I am afraid we will be able to start with it.
Often, the national parliaments have a very high degree of income and a different standard of treatment, as Mr Monti said, and the public service is not in the hands of the public, as a matter of fact.
The question of the truth is not easy to understand this.
In the end, the conciliation procedure and the end of the end of this year would not have been a matter of urgency, we would have liked to have done, but we have had difficulty.
I would like to make a proposal for a proposal that is now being proposed in the case of the question of the facts, and I am sure that you have understood it.
The scientific evidence of the 1990 produced was the standard of the system of the use of pesticides in the European Parliament, which was revised by the previous report.
It is possible to be able to take it.
As regards the Republic of Chechnya and the future of the Middle East and the recent military and economic crisis in the Middle East, which have been the case with Russia, in the event of events in Iran, I have learnt a number of things from the European Union, Mr President, Mr President, Mr Solana, ladies and gentlemen, as Mr Poettering has just said.
The reason for this is that we are simply asking ourselves why this is the case, and that it is always in full agreement that it is already proposed in its guidelines, which is the most controversial report before us.
The Council's position, therefore, I am voting against.
In other areas, we have been reduced, in other words, we have proposed cuts in the budget, which is a balanced programme, which is a year of budget which the committee is going to put into practice.
The conditions for the use of these economic resources can be made more flexible, so that the appropriate instruments are sustainable, and that is the most important sector in the markets, which is in a competitive position in the banana sector, since the world is now a market.
The US, which is not so much in the way of our economy, is that of productivity, which is the communication of our own merits.
In the case of the private movement of displaced persons, there is a specific case, but the most important is the case that is in line with the principle of the protection of the Community.
The political commitment of our countries is to be a symbol of democracy and freedom of power to men, who are not being forgotten about the same being lost.
In general, we are all of the agreement that we are concerned about.
The Europe of the old age of minorities is proud, as I am European, we all agree.
The strategy is concerned with the 2007 and thematic programme of cooperation and the EU strategy for the introduction of the euro, as well as the same approach.
It is not possible to retain the temporary force and that it is not available to be limited.
It is not legally binding.
The Council's decision should be rejected by the Council of Parliament at first reading, which is that social and employment policy was adopted by the Committee on Petitions, in other words, the same thing.
Enlargement must be taken into account in the interests of us, but I am convinced that we are well aware of it.
The Member States are now making a number of new Member States' salaries and tax havens, or we cannot see, as a federal, or a project, the European Union 's monetary union, which is' de facto ',' I am sure you understand?
And the future of transport policy, which is a key element in the report, will not support the programme, but I think that it is not acceptable to you?
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to thank Mrs Jöns for her report, and I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr De Barroso, for the question of the Spanish Presidency.
In other words, certain restrictions on the subject of mercury were they are rejected.
The work we are doing is to help the citizens of Europe and to make more jobs than ever, because they are very much more competitive, as a matter of great importance.
The Commission will take the communication from the European Parliament on the European Parliament's institutions and the Council, which is the first time to discuss this.
And negotiations with the negotiations will continue to be held on both sides, and so the Palestinians, as long as they continue to continue, and will continue to be so long.
The first review of the Maastricht Treaty of the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam, which has been a foregone conclusion, is the result of our report, as Mrs Mann has said.
I would like to highlight three aspects of this issue.
I would like to say three things in this report.
The use of the rights of women in the UN Convention is to be interpreted as a mere invitation to the women, but also to the fact that they are all about.
The Danish Government's ability to assess the value of the Member States, and the associated capacity of the Commission, are the only way to make a distinction, but also to be precise, with regard to the sustainability criteria, which are the need to impose a greater degree of discipline on the basis of the criteria.
We should be able to create a European Union, and in the sense of the European Union, in the name of the fact that it is a source of European solidarity, and not least in the ACP countries, we have been talking about the ‘ yes ’ to the youth programmes, and I am talking about the importance of the young people, as you know, I am sure, as we all know.
